---------------
Evaluation
---------------
9532: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do not buy this iron . it 's fabulous while it works , for which it does merit the one star . but it broke in less than a week . it overheated , or something , and then would n't turn on again . but here 's the kicker : if you buy it from amazon , the company wo n't honor the warranty . i do n't have particularly heavy-duty hair . this is just totally unacceptable .
9533: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the series just keeps on getting better . the bob newhart show was one of the best comedies ever on television . the other funny show was " newhart " , which i cannot understand why it has not been released on dvd . the whole cast just clicks . i wish shows like this were still on television . if you enjoy a good laugh then buy this and the other sets !
9536: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is one of the better historical dramas from the 1970s . many are stagey and slow , and while this production of madame bovary is very much constrained to stay indoors , this works to advantage for this story of a woman who feels so trapped by her life and her world . emma bovary is not a very sympathetic creature . she is married to a man who loves her with all his heart , who tries to give her everything she wants , is willing to ruin himself to make her happy , and she still cheats on him and remains miserable . in short , she is selfish and inconsiderate , as ugly inside as she is pretty on the outside . francesca annis plays emma . she is indeed very beautiful . as an actress she often comes across as bright and hard , flirty and flighty , but cold and self satisfied . these qualities , of course , are perfect for this character . here she seems to be more in love with the idea of being in love than actually loving . almost anything to break up the dismal tedium of her life and her disgust with everyone and everything in it . it is very hard for a modern audience to feel sorry for her . her daily trial does not include housework or drudgery , she has maids for that . she is bored because she is useless , she is useless because she is too lazy to seek something meaningful to do ; she wants life to be a party , and resents it when it is not . tom conti plays her devoted husband , who is completely devoid of ambition , in work or society . as an actor , conti often seems to have just woken from a nap , and this dampness is just right for dr. bovary . he too is very lazy in his way , but his seems to stem from ignorance . when contrasted with emma 's willfulness , her husband seems the infinitely better of the two . conti is really fine here as a man completely out of his depth with this racehorse of a wife . in much the same way , while annis is briskly carrying every scene , conti just quietly steals every one of them . a perfect pairing for these roles . all the actors here are top notch , and the casting a bit off beat , which adds to the interest . the costumes , especially emmas , are a luxurious parade of overindulgence . absolutely beautiful . while we as an audience enjoy the parade of finery , we can also see how this wardrobe would drive even the richest man into the poorhouse . the production is topped off with a novel and lovely score of predominantly piano compositions ; pretty and liltling , but melancholy and dissonant . do n't let this one get lost in the shuffle , it is worth seeing .
9539: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am rating this program just one star because i found out after ordering that it is not compatible with digital voice recorders . i did go to the nuance website before ordering . they did n't have a little chart to tell what the difference was between preferred and standard . anyway , if you want naturally speaking to do transcribing , you need the preferred version , not this one .
9541: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i agree with other reviewers that it feels good and does n't smell too much , however , i 've experimented with it several times to confirm my findings , and it turns out to give me really bad blackheads . i 'm 25 with an oily t-zone and very dry facial skin . on mornings after using this cream , i have nasty blackheads on my forehead and chin . there are better products out there
9544: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book offers more information about santa claus than it does the gods / godesses associated with the winter soltice . the craft projects are cheesey and the recipes terrible . save your money and do a little research yourself and if you want recipes or craft projects pick up one of those special christmas magazines for ideas you can adapt for a pagan holiday theme .
9545: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this program does not allow you to switch to elevation and view or alter framing details . i 'm only using it for a simple garage and i expected to be able to generate simple working plans with basic demensions . not so . you might as well pick up a copy of the sims so you could at least have some fun with it . if you want to get rough ideas this might be for you but if you actually want to work from it , forget it . very disappointing waste of money
9548: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the living in oblivion series of cd compilations does something that many similar compilations do not do : they give us some great variety of " hits " . there is no doubt that " mickey " by toni basil was a huge hit . there 's also no doubt that " our lips are sealed " was a break out hit for the go go 's , but the funboy three version wasn't . but what about " living in a box " ? it only hit the billboard top 100 at #89 in 1987. so why is it here ? why are a large number of these songs ? they 're not top 10 hits , right ? wrong ! i 'm sick to death of so many compilations relying on top 40 hits from the 80's . the u.s. music tastes are typically very different from those of europe . just because a song does n't make the u.s. billboard top 40 does n't mean that it is n't a hit in other countries . and although i 'm an american , my music tastes have always run more in line with those of europe . i 'm delighted that the living in oblivion series ( and the pop and wave series ) have incorporated a variety of hits from the u.s. and europe . i also like that some of the more obscure groups and their songs are available on these compilations . there are several songs on these albums that never were released on cd ( as they had n't come into being at the time of the groups ' albums initial releases ) , so albums such as these are the only place where you can find these hits . the boys do n't cry song " i wanna be a cowboy " hit the billboard charts at #12 in 1986 , but the group disappeared soon thereafter . then all of a sudden a dance version of that same song came out in the early 2000 's and rocketed up the dance charts . do n't be misled , the living in oblivion series is one of the absolutely best series for a variety of music from the 80's . if you want to hear run of the mill , top 40 only hits from the 80 's , well , then you 'll just have to look elsewhere . also , the liner notes and pictures of the groups included in the jewel box are really clever . you get to find out what the chart position was for the songs in the compilation and see what the groups looked like at the time of the song 's release . my only issue with these liner notes is that the author of them seems to be disparaging the very music which these albums are espousing . apparently many believe that the music from the 80 's was vacuous and devoid of emotion . one need only listen to the song " the promise " by the group " when in rome " ( living in oblivion volume 5 ) to know that such a statement is false . while that group only had this one hit and then faded into obscurity , " the promise " made the billboard top 100 at #11 and the billboard dance chart at #1. anyway.. . i ca n't recommend this album and its entire series any more ! it 's simply awesome ! before believing those who would disparage this series of albums , please check the billboard charts and you 'll see that these songs were in fact hits . get it
9550: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought one and it worked great . at first it 's hard to manuever because it 's really hot , and the barrel 's bristles are kinda rough and pull your hair a lot , but once you get used to it , it does a stellar job of straightening your hair . around 6 months into using the straightner , the machine slowly overheated and died . thinking i had a faulty model , i went out and bought a new one . guess what ? a few months into that one , it ended the same way . so basically , not worth it .
9552: real: pos ; predicted: neg
sandra bullock gives an outstanding and believable performance in the role of angela bennett . in this film she plays the part of a solitary and lonely computer expert . an online hacker friend calls to tell her he 's found an amazing disk and is sending it to her to check out . unfortunately , he 's killed in a plane crash before he can visit her . the disk turns out to have secret government information and is wanted by a terrorist group who plan the downfall of the u.s. government . angela bennett recognizes that the disk is something special and before she really realizes what she has , she finds that she 's being stalked . what happens next is everyone 's worst nightmare . through the miracle of computers , the evil group steal angela 's identify and there are few people to vouch for her . the story quickly turns into a cyber thriller . she tries to get help , but she appears to have no friends and does n't even know her own neighbors . her mother ( diane baker ) is in an institution and is apparently suffering from alzheimer's . her former boyfriend , played by dennis miller does try to help her , but the forces of evil are difficult to hide from . jeremy northam delivers a spine tingling performance as the charming and mysterious jack devlin . a man you really want to trust , but should you ?
9553: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a hardcore legend in mick foley ' wrestling career is spotlighted here on this dvd . foley will go down in history for being able to control the crowd , being violent & hardcore , and also being able to be one of the most loveable characters in wrestling . this dvd is a great collection of violent matches involing foley himself along with his famous promos & extra matches . disc one : cactus jack vs. big van vader - during a time where vader was just killing his opponetts , cactus jack was able to hold his own and go toe to toe with vader . this also includes exclusive footage that was censored on tbs . chicago street fight : cactus jack & maxx payne vs. nasty boys - this was one of the " stiffest " matches i 've ever seen as these guys were legitlity brawling & hitting each other with the weapons and you just see at one point cactus get his head cracked with a shovel on the floor . honestly , one of the best nasty boys matches i 've seen . cactus jack vs. sabu - this match was more about the post match brawl between the two than the match itself . foley admits before the match that the hype & reputation between these two set a standard that nobody could match . cactus jack vs. chris candido - one of cactus 's best " wrestling " matches eventhough it 's not really anything memorable . texas death match : cactus jack vs. the sandman - foley openily admits that this match was n't pretty as sandman got a concussion at the beginning & really threw everything off . they would go on to have better matches ( as seen on the ecw cactus jack dvd ) . cactus jack & raven vs. terry funk & tommy dreamer - the classic ecw wild weapons brawl as they had everything including the kitchen sink . it would get sick as you see things like cactus sliceing funk 's arm with glass . with cameo 's from taz & bill alfonzo , this is worth watching again & again . cactus jack vs. mikey whipwreck - cactus ' last match in ecw against the man he helped make a superstar . disc 1 extras : post-vader match interview - interview a week after his match with vader falls count anywhere : cactus jack vs. sting - this match has commentary from coach & foley where they talked about his storytelling throughout the match & his time in wcw . this was cactus ' best wcw match in his opinion and it really is . action all over the ringside area along with great inring storytellin ( watch him work on sting 's ribs ) . cactus jack spits on wcw tag team championship belt - the promo cactus did after this sabu match showing that the wcw tag title did n't mean as much as his pride that he lost to sabu . this is followed by a heyman promo regarding that match . the " cane dewey " promo - foley 's favorite promo done during this " anti-hardcore " stint in ecw where he talks about the fans making a sign suggesting that sandman canes his 5 year old son . " anti-hardcore " promo - another promo where foley talks down to the ecw fans for being so bloodthirsty . cactus jack vs. sabu - the cactus / sabu rematch that includes commentary from foley & coach . this match is better quality ( both in video & in ring action ) than the previous one . mick foley 's ecw farewell speech - foley says goodbye to the ecw fans . " jack " " foley & les thornton vs. british bulldogs - mick 's wwe debut that results in his having a dislocated jaw thanks to the dynamite kid . wwe confidential feature - mick talks about all the charity work he did during his 18 month absence in wwe and what led to his coming back to wwe . hidden easter eggs : mick foley jumps off the roof of his house ( on disc one , go to the " extras " menu , highlight " main menu " and press the left arrow twice . ) dude love entrance video ( on disc one , go to the " chapters " menu . highlight " cactus jack vs. chris candido " and press the right arrow . ) disc 2 introducting mankind - one of the mankind " dungeon " promos he did before his debut mankind vs. shawn michaels - this was foley 's best match of his career and probably the best match of 1996. hbk 's high flyin ' lucha libre influenced style mixed with mankind 's hardcore daredevil style made for one hell of a match . falls count anywhere : cactus jack vs. triple h - tables , trash cans , and weapons galore in this brawl . one of the best matches in raw history mick foley vs. terry funk - a throwback to their ecw brawls as both of these wrestlers are just using their own bodies are wrecking machines . stone cold on commentary just adds to the craziness of this match . dude love vs. stone cold - the best match in the history of dude love as it 's another brawl all over ringside . mcmahon , brisco , patterson , and undertaker all have cameos in this match . mankind vs. the undertaker - foley 's most memorable performance as he takes a beating that you have to see to believe . mankind vs. the rock - foley wins the title for the first time with help from stone cold . this match itself is n't as memorable as their survivor series match or their later matches like the halftime heat match . street fight match : cactus jack vs. triple h - this is the match that catapulted triple h into the bonified main event superstar that he is today . thumbtacks , barbed wire , and blood all over the place . disc 2 extras : mankind teasers - early mankind promos that focued on his missing ear music to my ear - another mankind " dungeon " promo mind games - this was a promo mankind did before the mind games ppv where he insulted ecw ( they were in philidelphia ) to insure the fans would n't cheer him . jim ross interviews mankind - this was the interview that slowly started mankind 's face turn . the birth of mr. socko - mankind visits mr. mcmahon in the hospital mick and al snow in vegas - they 're stalked by a fan more mick and al in vegas - mick and al ride the rides , join a lounge band and visit a gentleman 's club commissioner foley & kurt angle - the commish books a match hidden easter eggs : chef boyardee commercial ( on disc two , on the " chapters " menu , highlight " shawn michaels vs. mankind " and press the left arrow twice . ) dx skit " have a bad day " ( on disc two , on the " extras " menu , highlight " birth of mr. socko " and press the right arrow twice . ) highly recommende
9555: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i upgraded from photoshop 7 to cs2 and have never looked back . no problems what so ever and many new features that really make it worth the purchase
9557: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a vitamin is a vitamin but when you pay half price then you have something
9558: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as china re-emerges as a dominant power in the 21st century , much will hinge on the beliefs of the people in that country when it comes to the actions it takes and tolerates around the world . oddly , the fascism of the communist regime remains largely in place in the era following mao 's disastrous reign , even as capitalism and other western ideals spread like wildfire through this huge , heavily-populated , and ( from a western perspective ) oftentimes strange land . aikman does an excellent job of covering the basic bullet points of the history of christianity in china , as well as introducing readers to the many chinese christians who have led or continue to lead the church in their country . on a recent trip to china , i was highly impressed by the deep generosity , humility , resourcefulness , strength , perseverance , and kindness exhibited by chinese of all ages . this spirit hums just below the surface in the stories aikman tells of the christian chinese and their faith . this spirit is also , i believe , one of the major reasons why the life and teachings of jesus seem to so easily take root in the hearts of so many chinese . also , those who are concerned that a " christian china " would somehow gut the land of its culture and heritage while propping up a westernized facsimile in its place should rest easy . it seems that the faith is spreading through this nation in a very distinctly chinese way
9561: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm still learning to use this camera and all the features . so far it is amazing . i 've been taking pictures of the kids and it looks like a pro did the shots . i use the auto mode a lot and it works great . the zoom is amazing . i love that it tells me when i am focused . also it has great battery life . i 'm very happy with this camera
9564: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera works well , except that the shutter speed is a bit slow . the image quality is decent . the use of aa rechargeable batteries is also convenient . the camera is pretty sturdy . i 've dropped it a few times and it still works fine
9565: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the price is too high , considering the ijoy 550 model is only us$599.99 at sharper image
9566: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is an amazing , beautiful album . probably a little more difficult to get into than streethawk , but after about the 4th or 5th listen , i found it more rewarding . the music is very dense , and the lyrics are beautifully poetic ( it helps that dan bejar has chosen to include a lyric sheet in the cover this time ) . a great album for any fan of intelligent independent music
9567: real: pos ; predicted: neg
yes it is a very fine lens . is and 105 mm long end are also appealing but after buying this i decided to sell it in favour of my ef 24-70 2.8l after 2 weeks of usage . f4 makes clearly the autofocus slower and fuzzier . bokeh is also worse than the other one . the viewfinder gets darker in 1.6 crop bodies . 105 mm does make a very little difference in image size . plus the macro option is weaker on this one . if you do n't care about the weight go with the ef 24-70 2.8l imho .
9570: real: neg ; predicted: pos
released by atlantic five years after it appeared in australia , presumably to meet high demand for ac / dc 's music , this international version of " dirty deeds done dirt cheap " is a farce . once again , somebody had the rather strange ideas of altering the song sequence , and replacing both " r.i.p. ( rock in peace ) " and " jailbreak " , two of the strongest numbers in the album 's aussie version , with t.n.t. 's " rocker " and " love at first feel " , an ok , if not spectacular song . ah , and " problem child " , already featured in atlantic 's version of " let there be rock " , is also included in here . the same song in two different " official albums " . marvelous ! . oh yeah , and somebody hired hipgnosis in order to re-design the front and back covers . that was a cute detail , but the aussie version 's covers ( classic mid 70 's cartoonish artwork ) are far more appealing . who 's to blame for this rip off ? . somebody at atlantic records ? . some members of ac / dc ? . maybe both ? . who cares anyway ? . once again , now that i 've got used to the aussie album , listening back to this " product " feels worse than a hangover from consuming adulterated , low quality spirits . every enthusiastic record collector knows that both warner music and sony music are serious labels that took , and still take risks , by signing up cutting edge artists and by respecting their will . so , it seems that , with their approval of this re-issue , the surviving members of ac / dc are the ones to blame for this farce to go on , and on , and on ... if this is so ... well ... guys , we , the fans made you filthy rich . we deserve the " real deal " , available worldwide , at a " reasonable price " . i only give this " product " a 2 star rating , just because " love at first feel " remains unreleased in australia . how unusual ! . a final word about this re-issue : i do n't own it . in the words of pete townshend , i " wo n't get fooled again " . in order to get bonus material , you must go through an irritatingly cumbersome internet gimmick . if bon scott ( undisputedly the band 's most uncompromising member ever ) , was still alive , i believe things would be different . by the way , if you are interested in the real stuff , please be so kind as to read my review of " dirty deeds done dirt cheap " ( import ) . other items to be avoided : the skimpy " retrospective " ep " ' 74 jaibreak " , and " bonfire " , a rather steep box set in which at least 6 songs are repeated twice , in different versions . none of these titles include all the songs left out by the adulteration of ac / dc 's first four aussie albums
9572: real: neg ; predicted: pos
for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his / her dirty secrets covered up . i feel that it 's the most insulting film to be released . it hides the fact that we as citizens , and our government do n't really care about who we stick in office . if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up . i ca n't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time , and believe me i do n't feel it 's right to air it all over the news either . i feel that it comes down to the man , and if he does have the values his / her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing , and own up to his / her mistake . this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it 's alright to cover things up , and there are no absolutes , or rights or wrongs . wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who 's rich ? do we wait until then to change the moral ? that 's pathetic , and so is this movie
9573: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm a huge fan of the pria line , but these are not like the others - they are heavier and a little grainy . i do n't hate them , but will not buy them again . the flavor is pretty good though , just not what i was expecting . i highly recommend the pria 110 calorie line - the vanilla is my favorite but the peanut butter and others are close behind . thank
9574: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have found another product that i want to recommend . it 's called alert and is sold by consultants like avon , but you can also go the starlight website and order it . it 's a nutritional supplement and for me does provide energy without the jitters , and as a bonus i do n't feel hungry when i 'm using it . they also have a product specifically for weight loss . i have tried that as well . i did feel a bit jittery at first.. . but it settled after a week or so of taking it . i would recommend it also . i used it a few years ago and lost 35 lbs . i did consistent diet and exercise which obviously is what did the weight loss , but i credit the supplement with giving me the energy to get moving and helping me curb cravings . i 'm now looking for energy and help maintaining that weightless so for me the alert does both of what i need ... energy and hunger control and it 's less expensive than the weight loss supplement so i now use it . i 've used this for years and have not had any problems .
9576: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have been working for a major daily newspaper in baltimore for 2 decades . perhaps that will qualify me as an expert in photography . i have been shooting digital imagery since the late 1990s . maybe that qualifies me as an expert in digital photography . this may be long - winded , but it 's extensive and can be useful . i received the nikon d2h camera - - 2 bodies total - - over one year ago . i think i got them shortly after the d2h system was released in 2003. since then , i have used them to shoot images of all types - - documentary , sports , daytime , available light , flash , and dead - of - night - - for the paper i work for . this is the only camera i work with . first , please read the manual . there is a ton of information there , and the information is terrific to begin with . the d2h is highly - configurable , with screen after screen that you can set for your own specific use ( resist lending the camera to anyone for a long period of time , for your camera may be returned with many of your settings changed so much that it acts like a thoroughly different camera ) . i 'll just punch right in to the way it feels . the camera is a rather heavy beast , and for some , there can be an amount of shoulder or neck fatigue when using it for hours per day , like i do . but the camera feels well in hand and the controls are easy to move through . i 've long since given up using any camera bag . all i have are a fanny pack for a 14mm , 55mm , teleconverters and 2 extra camera batteries and flashes clipped to its belt . and the d2h 's hold the 17-35mm nikon and the 80-200mm nikon one - touch or the sigma 120-300mm 2 - touch . shooting is a breeze . the batteries let you shoot long before the need to recharge . i have my d2h set on iso 200 or 400 most of the time and sacrifice shutter speed for lower iso as often as i can , because the higher isos bring digital noise and a loss in color saturation . just today , i purchased digital noise plug ins for photoshop to limit this , and that 's a wonderful thing to invest in with this camera when you must shoot action photography with no flash at iso 800 and above . i now have little problems with capturing images in even barely - limited lighting . i recently shot stars and a plane wing from my seat of an airbus at 36 , 000 feet over the pacific at 30 seconds wide open @ f / 2.8 , and it looks tons better than night shots via the d1h , which lacked the internal digital noise filter . that filter kicks in at around 1 / 2 second and longer exposures , and can make you wait as long as your image you 've shot to strip your long exposure of much of the digital noise . when you shoot this way ( and in general ) , do n't simply react by cranking up iso because you will not be happy with your results . the camera can be loud . at over 7 frames per second , it can make you obvious in a quiet room . shooting sensitive situations can be testy , so limit your shooting to single frames . i wish this camera had an option to silence this camera , but since the mirror has to raise and lower , there 's no chance to do this . am i happy with the d2h ? definitely , yes . are there improvements that can be made ? yes . but the benefits outweigh the drawbacks . people have been bailing out of using the nikon system and going canon , which has some incredible gear , i wo n't deny that . but instead of simply giving up on your system of equipment , learn how to use the d2h well and you 'll be much happier than ever . and that means you should push its qualities to the max while respecting its limitations . for instance , white balance . this can be the best thing for you , or the worst thing you 've ever dealt with , depending upon how you approach it . daylight , grey skies , dusk and dawn are easy , because you can set the camera to daylight , flash , shadow ( for dusk and dawn times ) and even the fluorescent and incandescent tend to be right in the ballpark . but the horrible mixed light or the street lamps that glow blue / green or orange - red from mercury vapor can be the death of an image if you do n't properly use white balance . preset white balance is king , here . i can get grey , black and white when i preset in mercury vapor light . and i used the preset for any light that the auto white balance setting ca n't figure . there is also a setting to dial in kelvin temps as well ! if you do this ( and i can go on for miles here ) , you 're on your way . so , with trying this d2h , or considering it , read through some of the digital d2h forums and ignore the posts that slam the camera without giving instances . generally , those who pan the camera have not tried to understand it . i can bang off images to disprove where they suggest this camera will fail . when you have decent light , you 'll have a decent image . but when you try to use it without learning how you can maximize the system , you will come about shooting images that are terrible and unprintable . in closing , i have not been paid by anyone , i have no nikon stock and have no outside interest in writing this except that i 'm giving the d2h credit where it 's long overdue
9579: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after some research online , i decided to purchase this dryer because it had all the qualities i was looking for in a lightweight , compact model . it worked great while it lasted , but unfortunately it died 6 months after purchasing it . one day it worked , and the next day it started smoking and sparking ! !
9580: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have been using paperport since it came from my visioneer scanner for about 9 / 10 years and since then upgraded a few versions . after reading hyped-up product features of version 11 from nuance website , i cannot justify upgrading my paperport software to pro given its current cost . i am pretty sure that a lot more people ( especially loyal users like me ) would snap it up if it was little cheaper . i will probably wait for some time for price to go down... . it will also need time to stabilize ( no patches yet ! ! ! ) and become compatible with vista . for those of you who got lotsa money ( please send me some ) , i would recommend paperport as a decent doc managment s / w
9582: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as if this set could be anything but five stars ! ! ! barbra streisand - four of her films on their dvd debut - her own commentary - oy vey ! order it now and plan a vacation day for the day after you get delivery
9583: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this books starts with such promise but i find it hard to believe that the people who wrote the glowing reviews were actually able to slog through it ! minutiae-fest
9586: real: neg ; predicted: pos
despite all reviews posted here in this page are given 5-stars to this release , i need to be honest and explain why i am giving just one poor star . no , i am not crazy . let me explain my point-of-view , and after that you can decide if this jh album really deserves more stars . just to start , this album does not have a spinal-column that could guide the band ( ? ) or the musicians thru a solid path . there are tracks played by a duo , trio , 4tt , and sometimes a very loose quintet , and each of these tracks have a different mood , without any presence of a jazz soul , or even a real smell of jazz . maybe the intention of recording these tunes was to make a homage / tribute to mr strayhorn , or maybe a recognition for mr henderson value in the 20th century jazz history as one of the most important hard-boppers ever . but the result was very poor . if you really love joe henderson ( as i appreciate ) , try any of his albums from the 60 's ( as a band-leader or as a sideman ) , mainly those from the blue note era . in time : i gave one star , in memory of his brilliant carreer . this particular album deserve zero-star .
9589: real: neg ; predicted: pos
well , at least the movie is faithful to its source in its spirit . based on a book written on 1902 , it 's nostalgia of the british empire belongs to that era . the plot deals with a soldier who is expelled from his regiment for refusing to go to fight a colonial war in sudan because of his impending marriage . not only his colleagues regard him now as a coward , but also his future wife . he had no choice then but to go to war to prove he is a real man and not a coward . the filmmakers try nothing in terms to bring the material up to date , to our more contemporary ( and one hopes , more enlightened ) attitudes . there 's no post colonial guilt here whatsoever . in some ways , this speaks well of the filmmakers in terms of not trying to tamper with the original material ; in another way , it is a bit shocking seeing such jingoism in a contemporary movie . all of this would n't matter much if the movie was entertaining ; unfortunately , it is only intermittently so
9592: real: neg ; predicted: pos
updike failed to hold my attention throughout the story both because of its utter lack of suspense in any dimension and the inconsistencies in his character development . as other have stated , you know from page one that the final page will involve an arab , a truck and a bomb . the lack of anticpation must therefore be compensated for by something else - perhaps excellent writing , interesting character development or original insights . updike fails to deliver on all three counts . one particularly slipshod literary technique updike uses is the phrasing he gives the title character ahmad . when ahmad speaks , it is in the voice of an intelligent , thoughtful foreigner . his phrasing captures very well the cadence , vocabulary and grammar of a well spoken non-native speaker of english . curiously , ahmad is an american , raised in new jersey by a thoroughly american mother . so , what influences created this stilted phrasing ? updike is trying to somehow comvince us that a jersey teenager speaks like a pakistani or egyptian immigrant . there is no need for the technique and its inconsistency with the character 's life is grating . updike also relies heavily on ethnic / religious stereotypes . sterotypes often have some basis in fact but generally make for uninteresting literature . however , in updike 's case , the stereotypes make little sense at all . for instance , a high school counselor 's entire personality is attributed to his " jewishness " both by himself and by others who opine on his personality . this is particularly curious given that the man was not raised as a jew and , in fact , his family had rather adamently turned away from the religion two generations earlier . so where does all the jewsih influence come from ? likewise , ahmad 's mother 's personality is often linked to her irish heritage . yet there is no evidence whatsoever that her irish background ( which could have been many generations ago ) has influenced her one bit . the reader is left once again to wonder what motivates the stereotype - other than simply poor writing and careless character development . another out of place literay technique involves the inclusion of fairly lengthy passages from the korna in arabic . obviously , few western readers will understand arabic and it seems meerely pretensious for updike to include the original language rather than paraphrasing or translating the passages . what comes across is an attempt by the autohr to show he has done his research . if that is truly the point then the reader must wonder why the passages are reproduced in western script rather than arabic script . after all , the koran is not written with western phonetics in mind . ultimately , the book leaves one wondering why such a lightweight , poorly constructed piece was released by such a skilled author
9593: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i will never purchase another neutrogena product , again . there products are dangerous ! ! ! it burned my face . my face is all red , swollen , red , irritated , and itchy . my new best friend is cortizone 10 , the anti itch cream . it 's been a week since i stopped using netrogena , and i still look horrifying ! ! ! ! perfect for halloween , right ? but , halloween is over , and i still look scary . this product has aged me ! ! ! it has caused a ton of wrinkles from where the skin is puffy and swollen . never , again , neutrogena ! ! !
9597: real: neg ; predicted: pos
dr. scholl 's pedicure essentials cracked skin repair cream had a very nice smell and felt good . however , the long-term effects were n't what i expected . i could n't tell much of a difference after using it for a week . regular lotion that i 've used in the past seemed to have the same effect . perhaps it just needed more time to work
9600: real: neg ; predicted: pos
here 's a real-review : *the first 100 pages are about how her mother made her get a nose job that when wrong . *the second 100 pages are about the frankenstein movie . *the last 90 pages are about every movie-star that 's ever gotten cosmetic surgery . and the whole thing is stitched together with an english teacher 's weekend theory on how a mix of " simulations and simulacra " + " the ego and the id " explain why people get cosmetic surgery . if you 're someone who orders books online based on catchy titles , then do yourself a favor and skip this one . how can a book on cosmetic surgery not even talk about the golden ratio ?
9605: real: neg ; predicted: pos
im going to rate this product a 2 because i like it but i would change a few things if i could . it does show you a lot of chords and how to play properly and all that good stuff . the couple of things i would change is the fact that when they are teaching you a chord , you can play along with the program but its only about 15 seconds , then you have to stop and click play again . i wish there was an option where you could choose to repeat it on its own a few times so you dont have to stop every time to play it again . the other thing is something a little more important . the product has a program where you could go online to down load a lot of songs to play , its called olga . well this website is having legal problems and is not online anymore . so you dont have that option of learning to play your favorite songs from the beetles or metalica or the grateful dead or anyone else , and thats what they advertise " play hit songs " . so overall , knowing all this i would have shopped around more . especially for the price , its defenitly not worth 40-50 dollars when all you get is little 15 second examples on jingle bells and little traditional folk songs .
9611: real: pos ; predicted: neg
oh yeah a season set ? ? yes but why not all 26 episodes ? but oh well at least we got it i have no complaints about a season set...bring on seasons 1 , 2 and 3 ! ! !
9617: real: neg ; predicted: pos
bought the camera on a recommendation , and also what looked like good specs on the web . owned it for less than two weeks when the lcd screen cracked ( below the surface of the protective cover ) . turns out this is a very common problem with these cameras . panasonic will not warranty fix this ! if you do get one , or own one , be very careful not to use the left nav button . if you do , be very careful on the pressure you apply . this is the camera 's glass jaw , and you might end up " bricking " a brand new camera . i am replacing mine with a canon
9618: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw transamerica months ago and i still think about it . there are many reasons , most obviously felicity huffman 's portrayal of bree , a man determined to become a woman , trying to close the door on his past , just as it unexpectedly reopens to disclose an heretofore unknown and decidedly lost child . but transamerica also brings a funny , poignant , and at times visually beautiful road trip across the united states , in an old car that you wonder how it could make 50 miles , let alone 3000. it brings unexpected and uncertain romance . it brings out humanity in all its characters ( save one minor one ) , including bree 's bitter mother . finally , it - - plot spoiler here - - concludes with tentative reconciliation , acceptance , and an uncertain but potentially hopeful future . transamerica is not loud , not big budget , not spectacular , but there are few movies near as good as it .
9620: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw this thai horror film about 3 years ago . i have to say this is the best supernatural thriller made from thailand , and i have seen a fair share of them ( nang nak , the sisters , mae nak , art of the devil series ) . the film focuses on tun and his girlfriend jane . tun , a photographer reunites with his old friends . on the way home , they accidentally hit a girl with their car and from then on , tun sees ghostly apparitions whenever he takes pictures or whenever he tries to develop them . ok , i am not spoiling anything , the story is more complex than it sounds . tun and his friends have a past that catches up to them , with jane caught in the middle . as usual , there is a vengeful spirit going around killing people . " shutter " refers to his camera and what it represents . " sometimes the dead cannot let go of their loved ones. . " i 'm stopping here , i do n't want to give out anymore . the plot is not that complex , but believe me when i say , the film is well-made . it does a great job of putting things together , each shocking scene is linked to the past and the present . i did n't see any scene wasted and it has that very atmospheric , creepy feel to it . also , there is a scene in the movie that tun and jane looked at actual photos of ghostly apparitions in a polaroid . honestly , this film has some great scenes that can make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end the very first time you watch it and the " shock ending " has the greatest twist of any horror flick i 've seen ! i 've seen a lot of horror films , only the exorcist and the omen ever scared / creeped me out , and shutter came very close . my female friends were scared out of their wits when they saw it at my place . since i have n't seen the tartan release and i only own the region-3 dts-es rlease from panmedia ( hong kong ) but tartan usually uses the same transfers from either the hong kong or korean versions . the video is sufficient , with some dark and bright contrast . it is not free of grain but it does add to the atmospheric feel . the dts soundtrack is great though , very crisp and loud . the english subtitles are excellent , the thai language track is the only way to watch as it was meant to be seen . a definite must-see if you are a fan of asian horror or horror films in general . it rivals ringu , one missed call and the original ju-on 1 and 2. four and 1 / 2 stars !
9621: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this movie was so horrible i do n't know where to start . maybe i could start with the fact the actors were so horrible it was as if the director picked them randomly off the street . or maybe he just casted his own family...at any rate they were untrained and stale . secondly , i had a serious issue with this movie not following basic christian principles . if tyler perry manages to tone down the swearing in his semi-christian plays , why would n't this movie director have enough sense to follow suit...if you 're trying to actually sale to a christian audience . furthermore , i thought the bible said a little something against divorce ; like it was n't permitted unless your spouse commits adultery / fornication . this movie seems to say it 's okay to go against the word of god if you 're in love . in fact , christianity was more of a theory in this movie than it was a practice....by even the protagonist ! i laugh as i think of the scene where ce-ce peniston 's character says seductively , " i 'm looking for a man with his mind on jesus " yet she 's dressed like a hooker . speaking of clothing , why did ce-ce seem to change outfits even in the middle of scene . they go on a date and she 's dressed one way , by the time they come home she has on something different ; with no logical explanation . and please explain why they had someone 's grandfather playing the role of rico suave . maybe the movie would have actually been worth while had he looked more like the man of any woman 's dream . i felt more like telling him about aarp than i did falling in love with him . in addition , the soundtrack , it-was-just-annoying . at some parts it was even hard to hear what the characters were saying because of the music . i just wanted the maddness to stop ! lastly , it seems as if the director tried to portray single church women as being overwhelmingly desperate ( although some are ) however , having pamela fall so quickly for bryant was just , well , almost juvenile...perhaps even a disrespect to women at large . overall , this movie made me want to puke . pastor larry " flash " jenkins really needs to get some true insight on the conditions of the church and maybe even go back and read the bible for himself for clarity
9626: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as gifted a story teller as he is a veterinarian , james herriot has the rare ability to bring out every emotion known to the human race with a single magical flick of his pen . every living thing is without a doubt one of the crowning achievements of a master , and is possessed by a single , true trait that is difficult to find in many commercial books - every single tale is told straight from the heart . you will never fail to laugh at the hilarious tales and cry at the most poignant moments . if you 're an animal lover , or even just have a passing interest in animals , this is a book you will hold on to and re-read until the end of your days . kudos , james herriot , you are very much missed
9628: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat
9629: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the cd came as promised and in the condition promised . i 'm very satisfied
9631: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when one begins to despair about the quality ( or lack thereof ) of the modern novel you come across a gem which dispels that despair for the time being . not only is this one a gem but also it is something much more and being just over 240 pages one that i finished all too quickly . i could not get enough of it . the narrator and main character of the novel is a mr. stevens who is the butler of a mansion where he heads a considerable compliment of staff to keep it running smoothly . his employer , a lord darlington , is doing what he can to alleviate some of the supposed harsher terms of the versailles treaty and realizes too late that he was being used as a pawn by the germans . and what did mr. stevens think of this ? he did n't , he maintains that wondering about what was happening would have interfered with his running of the estate . there is also the head housekeeper that he buts heads with a few times and also a few other instances which makes one wonder if she has something other that a professional interest in mr. stevens . you 'll have to read the book if you want to know more . i read mainly victorian literature simply because they are well written and what passes for a novel nowadays usually is not . if you get this book you will not be sorry .
9635: real: neg ; predicted: pos
warning ! i resized my partition and when it restarted my computed could not boot . it destroyed my system and i had to format my whole drive . read all the reviews from this program carefully . i read them but did not believe them
9636: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i looked through this book at a craft store the other day , and as a person who loves the ocean and seashells , i found maybe one project in here that i would consider making . just about every project uses a ridiculous amount of shells so imagine the cost would be prohibitive and for this reason projects look overly ornate . unless that is the look you are seeking to accomplish , i would n't recommend this book . try to find " decorating with seashells " by anita louise cran
9637: real: neg ; predicted: pos
synopsis ( including ending ) : don ameche ( gino ) , a chicago shoe shine man , is approached by the mafia to go to jail for " 3 to 5 years " to take the place of their mafia boss accused of murder because he bears a striking resemblance to him . they 'll pay him yearly and satisfy his lifelong dream of fishing on a boat . joe mantegna ( jerry ) takes don ameche ( gino ) on a 3 day vacation to satisfy his every wish before he 's incarcerated . joe mantegna is on probation from the mob , after disobeying orders from a previous job . joe mantegna goes " outside channels " to take don ameche ( gino ) to lake tahoe to the " galaxy " hotel where they stay , wine and dine , and try to have a good time . things turn difficult when a local real mafia boss brings don ameche ( gino ) to his house as a guest and they form a bond . the real mafia boss has a gathering of crime bosses planned and don ameche and joe mantegna are caught in the middle . they escape the gathering and on the day don ameche is brought back to chicago , joe mantegna is ordered to kill don ameche and make it look like a suicide . " it 's cleaner this way.. . " , he 's told . joe mantegna refuses the order , and the film ends with a mafia employee testifying in court and getting sentenced to jail for 20 years to life . the good : joe mantegna is an underrated actor generally and it was nice to see a familiar face in the real mafia boss in lake tahoe . other than that , there 's nothing else going for this one except a slightly funny scene with the concierge . the bad : the mob wants tough guys , right ? this is a comedy , right ? no ones a tough guy and there 's no laughs . joe mantegna plays a sissy instead of a mafia tough guy . don ameche plays a senile acting senior with no personality . i wanted to like this film but i coulde n't because it was very slow , very boring and none of the characters were interesting . we never have a scene with the real mafia boss that looks like don amecha and the two never meet . you would expect a friendly " thanks for going to jail for 3 to 5 years for me " but it does n't happen . at the end someone for the mob is dressed up like the real mafia boss and he 's testifying in court and gets sentenced to jail . he does n't look anything like don ameche or the real mafia boss and yet , he 's right there taking the fall . if the film did n't need to depend on don ameche 's appearance , why did n't they send him to jail from the beginning ? the worst david mamet experience i 've had . very surprising stinker . the characters : if don ameche played a less passive character he would have been more interesting . if joe mantegna showed more conflict as a character with reasons behind them , he would have been more interesting . as the film stands , they 're both flat . don ameche had no personality and his only lines are the ones other characters used . when a character says something , you can be sure don ameche repeats it 30 minutes later like a senile robot . don ameche 's dialogue leaves a lot to be desired . add to that his boring and stale acting in this film . he played very dumb , not interesting , like a real man in crisis about to go to jail for money . overall , joe mantegna was not believable as a mafia hired hand . don ameche was too passive and uninteresting , and joe mantegna is too passive and stale . scene criticism : a couple scenes stand out as being very weak and unrealistic . ( gas station scene where joe mantegna is given $3 more in gas than he asked for ) joe mantegna is working for the mob , and he asks for $1 of gas , and gets $4. he does n't have the cash to pay , and when the gas attendant takes the car keys his reaction is " please , please , please " a real mob guy would punch the gas attendant , take back the keys , and leave for the plane they were late for . a mob guy that wo n't defend himself for $3 ? ( scene with don ameche offered money to go to jail for 3 to 5 years ) don ameche does n't put up a fight or try to leave the room , and is too passive . we do n't learn about his past or his life or family . there 's not enough time spent on the offer , and the scene was over valued for it 's lasting value . ( bedroom scene with joe mantegna trying to let don ameche escape ) joe mantegna had no real connection to don ameche 's character to justify the scene . instead it 's 2 strangers . personal commentary : the test for a comedy for me is - " how many times did i laugh ? " this film never made me laugh . i 'm shocked the film costs $24.99 on dvd . rent it instead . it belongs in the $1 bin at wal-mart . writing criticism : lines like " he 's the guy behind the guy behind the guy behind the guy " and lines like " a big man knows the value of a small coin " and the story about the grasshopper and the ant make no sense . the writing is drivel . alternative recommended film : " trading places " with dan aykroyd and eddie murphy and also don ameche , albeit in a smaller role
9638: real: neg ; predicted: pos
although i have used many electronic cuff devices in the past , this is one of the worst at providing accurate readings . firstly , the cuff is not adequate for very small or larger wrists and the readings are often lower than what you would get if the blood pressure were taken manually the traditional way . in a clinical setting , it is important that you get adequate readings so that the patient can receive the proper treatment based on their readings . it is imperative since you may or may not give medication depending on what you recive via the blood pressure measurement . i have taken a blood pressure manually after getting what i considered a questionable reading only to discover that the wrist blood pressure was far too low and more aggressive measures had to be taken because of the data that was retrieved the old fashioned way . imagine had i taken the initial reading as truth and the patient may have had a stroke as a result . as a rule , i never recommend using these devices for at home use because of the risk of false readings . many people who suffer from hypertension feel that this is a good way of monitoring their blood pressure when in actuality it is giving them a false sense of security . if you are considering buying this product for at home use or for use in a clinical setting , please ask your doctor or nurse for their opinions .
9639: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" i have been a brickman fan since the very first album . much of his early songs were uplifting piano solos without much " electronic enhancement . " escape is a wonderful album full of songs you might find on his early albums . there are three excellent vocals on the cd that will please fans who favor his more recent work which tends to feature the vocalist over the piano . if you are a brickman fan , this is a must have album .
9641: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a terrible excuse for music from generally excellent musicians . it sounds like espn called them asked them to put a diddy together and 10 minutes later....presto ...instant mush
9643: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a very good racing simulator ! but it 's no arcade game so if you want to jump into a car and race around with little or no practice this is not the game for you ! it will take you time to perfect the driving skills and learn the handling characteristics of the various cars . you 're going to need a good wheel and pedal combo to get the most of this game . graphics are very good , but the race car physics and handling are exceptional . highly recommended for racing sim fans , not recommended for the casual race game player
9647: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what has happened to the song " lives in the balance " on this set ? if you go to his website it sounds really great ! ! ! on this set it sounds awfull ! ! it sounds as if he was in a really big hurry to get the song over with . the packaging if you could call it that is really lame . foam dots for holders ? what do you do when those fall off ? i suppose you put the cd 's in jewel cases or else they will get really scratched up . not to mention it is missing some of his greatest work ! true you do get alot of songs for the money but , there should have been more time planning this set out before actually producing it . if you own an i-pod i suggest you go to apples i-tunes web page and import the great songs this set is missing as well as the others you really like off of this set and you will probably have spent the same amount of money if not less
9652: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this software does not provide even the basic red eye fix . it turns them a light shade of grey , maybe . it is horrible . this to me renders it useless . it is for the most basic of users . there are no real manual functions to speak of , and my free software does a better red eye and also lets me do red eye manually when they cannot detect it . it has some neat functions but since it could not provide the most common need correctly , i would say do not buy . seller was great , product is poor .
9653: real: pos ; predicted: neg
some reviewers below have said that this microphone does n't work with the sony hot shoe . wrong . click on the " technical details " on this page and you 'll see the sony camcorder models that this microphone works with . failure to look at which camcorders are compatable with this microphone is the fault of the customer , not any fault with the microphone ! so do n't give it a low rating based on your own lack of research when buying a product , please
9655: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first version of easy cd creator i used was cd creator 4 basic . it was okay , pretty much what it said it was : basic . i got the upgrade to that from an ebay auction and it worked pretty good . later due to lack of support by the manufacturer for new cdrw drives in good old version 4 , i upgraded to cd creator 5 platinum ( the version being sold here . ) this too worked pretty good - for a little while . then the operation was moved over from adaptec to roxio , and from that point onward , things have been more thorny than rosy . roxio will require you to register the product in order to download the ( one ) utterly essential update to keep this thing running . perhaps you do n't mind that , but i feel it 's a somewhat minor invasion of privacy . plus you have to keep track of your password to the website and if you change isp 's you will have to re-register . a hassle to say the least . also , since roxio took the reins , there are no further updates being provided . instead roxio tries to " encourage " ( read " browbeat " ) you into getting the software upgrade for even more money . this upgrade will not work on win98se , which i still use for various reasons . so if i were to upgrade the software again , i would also have to spend the extra money for a new operating system with all the faults and foibles that can introduce with other apps that i need and still use . if you have money to burn along with all those shiny round coasters you are going to be making , i applaud you . i prefer to keep a little cash for retirement . it is difficult if not impossible to get support from any real carbon-based life form , and the website gives little or no support for some of the issues you may face , such as getting " illegal request " errors from direct cd , or inability to format or erase cdrw 's that was once possible in version 4. also , any cdrw 's created in version 4 may not be readable with the new software , or at the least there are some technical issues with this . at any rate , it is not neccessarily all that " easy " unless you are fairly technically inclined and understand ( or are willing to learn ) some of the finer technical points in cd recording technology . i prefer not to be bothered with it , i just want to create some cds . i now find that some functions do not work appropriately at all , especially direct cd , a program that originally provided the ability to do " drag and drop " writing of files to a read / write cd . now i find that direct cd is non-functional , and the only cd 's i can write are cdr 's , and there are problems growing in that area as well . speed of the cdrw or brand of the recording media does not seem to be the issue . the software simply refuses to work as it once did . it should n't be called " easy cd creator " . perhaps " irritating " cd creator would be more appropriate . in summary : this does not deserve stars . perhaps a few " black holes " ? while i once would have given wholehearted supported this product , regrettably i cannot support it with the same enthusiasm now .
9656: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i feel that it is just way too much money for what you get . i own a lot of professional ( canon ) equipment and gladly paid the price because they are the best things out there . but it makes little sense to market a marginal product and still expect to command a high price . i have the s80. no complaint there . the leather case was just way too tight , which invites a fumble as you try to pull out the camera . the flap issue is an issue . the neck chain is a bit short , and similar and better items can be had for a lower price . if you shop around you can also find the li battery for less . i 'm not upset , but just disappointed with what i got for the price
9658: real: pos ; predicted: neg
loving this air purifier ! this was really the first one i have own so i ca n't compare it to any others . it is very quite , and takes alot of dust out of the air . the first time i had to replace the filter i was shocked by how much dust i could of been breathing in . worth picking up , just wish it would of had an energy star label .
9659: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this 1971 black comedy is still a stitch , even if it does n't feel as audacious as i 'm sure it once did . directed by the maverick hal ashby , it is the epitome of all opposites-attract love stories as a twenty-year old depressive connects with a 79-year old life-loving woman . they actually bond over their mutual interest in death , as they keep showing up at the same funerals . however , the root of their respective interests could n't be more different - maude shows up to reconfirm how lucky she feels to be alive , while the hearse-driving harold simply likes the morbidity of it all . the plot is really about their burgeoning relationship , while his mother constantly attempts to make the death-obsessed harold more socially acceptable . first , she uselessly sets him up on a series of blind dates . to foil any hope of romance with these women , however , he stages mock-suicides which simply perturbs rather than disturbs his mother . she then recruits an ineffectual analyst and even has her brother victor , a hawkish officer and vietnam war amputee , to try to convince harold to join the army . the episodic structure of the story by collin higgins ( years before becoming a director in his own right with " foul play " and " nine to five " ) allows the characters to develop in subtle ways with a completely deadpan approach despite the outward shenanigans of the characters ' actions . the movie eventually moves toward a greater gravitas but despite some soap opera elements , surprisingly not at the expense of the pervasive whimsical tone . ruth gordon is her typically pixilated self , an archetype she played for years afterward , while bud cort is terrific in conveying his particular brand of wide-eyed cynicism . it 's really their unforced chemistry that keeps the film feeling fresh 35 years later . there are funny sideline performances by vivian pickles as harold 's eye-rolling mother , ellen geer as an overly actressy blind date named sunshine , and eric christmas in a very funny cameo as a disapproving priest . cat stevens ' soundtrack has n't aged as well as , say , simon and garfunkel 's music in " the graduate " , but it still works as a folkish commentary on the quirky proceedings . unfortunately , the 2000 dvd contains a rather compromised print and there are no extras included
9660: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you love well written stories , great plots and captivating acting then this movie is not for you . i do n't know how the producer managed to swindle precious investor dollars to get this tripe made into a movie , however there it is ! it was so boring and so badly done that after the first 1 hour and 45 minutes i had to turn it off . i do n't even want to know how it ended . the cast line up was great ! that 's the only ' positive ' comment i can make with regards to this movie . do not watch it . do not hire it . do not believe anybody who thinks it is good . the two lesbians who made love even did that scene poorly ; get this , it was done in the missionary position ! avoid this movie
9662: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the next generation is basically a remake of the original texas chainsaw massacre , in fact up to an hour into the film the plot is practically identical , though different characters and locations are used . the original was a little overrated in my opinion and this " remake " is quite frankly terrible . bad acting with the exception of renee zellweger and matthew mcconaughy who do their best with a terrible script and several b movie actors . the only major differences from the original are that leatherface now dresses as a woman , which was fairly amusing but hardly essential , and a tacked on conspiracy theory . the conspiracy theory of a secret society only surfaces in the last half hour and is absolutely ridiculous , i wo n't explain it , theres no point , watch it yourself if you want to know how stupidly the film ends . i would sooner suggest avoiding this film completely though , even die hards admit its awful , i only gave it 2 stars because i reserve 1 star for the very worst of the worst ( yes even worse than this ! )
9667: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera is really great . i knew i liked it before , but i immediately began to appreciate this camera all the more when i ended up with a rebel xt as a " loaner " while my 20d was in repair . not that the xt is a bad camera , it just does n't really compare to the 20d . the 20d has a nice feel to it ; it is fairly large , which is great since i have somewhat large hands . the features are great too . and the image quality is awesome . i do n't really need to go into all of the details , as most of the other reviewers have done an excellent job . let me just say that it is a great camera and is worth the five stars . the only complaint i have about the camera is that it does n't have spot metering . the ability to do your light metering off of a single point of interest would be great - and they did add it to the 30d .
9669: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i had a hard time putting this one down . i quickly read through the entire collection and it was over too quickly . i would recommend this to any x-men fan especially fans of the old comic books and it certainly takes up a lot less room than if i had the hardcopy versions . my only complaint is that it ends at the beginning of a new story . ah well. .
9674: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i 1st watched requiem from the darkness i had high hopes for an anime show i heard that could actually by scary . to my dissappointment this show was not scary at all but a mockery of anything that is anime . this show has good animation is some spots with some deformed shapes of people . the strengths of the show however primarily rely on its soundtrack which is above average but nothing amazing . also the last straw with this show was the horrible depictions of people being graphically murdered . this show is disgusting because of these potrayals a brothers murdering each / husband killing wife after wife / a man who enjoys murder / and very very intense sexual situations of insects and once again family members murdering each other . i recommend this show to no one and i believe geneon has made a mistake licensing it . if you do n't heed my review then you have wasted your money on a dvd not worth a penny ( i would n't take it for free )
9675: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this software is a waste of money to say the least . the templates on this software are terrible and ugly . you are lucky if you have five good templates to choose from . if you are looking for something quick and easy to use this is not it.you have to format everything . please do n't make the same mistake i made . do not buy this product
9681: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw wirey spindell in theater in new york , and i thought itwas awesome ! i had never heard of it before , but it is a trueendorsement of indie films . if you love laughing , you 'll love this movie . i loved devin matthews-johnson and eric mabius too , they 're both so cute
9686: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there are only two artists ' music that i will purchase not having heard one note of the cd . those two artists are barbra streisand and linda eder . " songs of judy garland " was a huge disappointment . i was surprised at the cd cover . i do n't know what " look " ms. eder was shooting for but she missed the mark . instead of coming off as 10 years younger , she has been transformed to the point of being unrecognizable . she looks both spooky and a little like a petulant child . ms. eder has always been a very attractive woman and definitely did not need this kind of " makeover " . and the music...i tried so many times to like it . but the more i listended the more i realized i was listening to " liza minnelli " singing her mother 's music . i did not hear linda eder . i 'm begging you ms. eder , go back to what works . i 'm sorry...this does n't
9687: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was the break through record for pink floyd that would place them in the super-league . the strength of the record lies in the song writing that is simple yet engaging and dave gilmore 's guitar playing and voice is superb . production wise this is well polished and the presence of the sax and backing vocalists just give it that little extra commercial potential . overall the record works well as a whole yet i do feel ' money ' seems out of place . the problem with records like this that it is too easy to enjoy and all the sharp ends are neatly filed off and well packaged for your consumption . now do n't get me wrong i think this is a magnificent record but is it really pink floyd 's greatest album , i tend to think not . is it the greatest record of all time ? most certainly not . because a records sells 35 million copies does not make it automatically great . because everybody and their grandmother thinks it 's great , does not necessarily make it great . the problem with this record is that it sounds of its time , not that that 's a bad thing , its just that it does not transcend time . the real indication of a great record is how many people it inspires to make records that sound like it . i ca n't think of many records that sound like this without sounding retrogressive . some records released at the same time : can 's " future days " ( 1973 ) ; nue ! ' s " 2 " ( 1973 ) ; king crimson 's " larks ' tongues in aspic " ( 1973 ) ; robert wyatt 's " rock bottom " ( 1974 ) ; tangerine dream 's " phaedra " ( 1974 ) are by far more influential and enduring than dark side . if you do n't own dark side then buy it because it is a very good record and deserves its five stars , but make sure you buy ' piper at the gates of dawn ' also . ' piper ' is floyds greatest , most influential and definitely one of the greatest of all time . besides , how many people who think ' dark side ' is floyd 's best have actually heard ' piper' .
9690: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the classic original round stick old spice deodorant formula and now i realize that it is really dated . the formula has n't changed since its inception and you will know it when the alcohol starts to burn your underarms . if you want the great smell of old spice then just use the after shave and cologne , but stay away from the old stick deodorant . i 'll continue to use the old spice high endurance deodorants which have improved modern formulas & scents and work much much better .
9692: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book is so awesome ! ! ! it has so much great info in it . it is a book that is so easy to read before you know it your done . it makes you really think about your relationship prior affair and after affair . what went wrong and were it went wrong at . it offers so many was to open up communication and how to talk to one another without fighting . there isnt enough things to say how awesome this book is . must have for anyone in a bad situation . it has a questionnaire at the end that both partners can do and an agreement for both partners to read and sign . it helps lift your spirit and makes you think that this isnt the end of the world and that you can make it through . i have a new found hope for my marriage and a new attitude towards everything . i am looking at the bigger picture and the brighter side of things . i am alive and i still have my family and my husband . we go to thearpy and with all the great info in this book just put what we have learned into action and hopefully great results will be the outcome . get this book you wont regret it ! ! !
9693: real: pos ; predicted: neg
over the last two years , i have found h&r block 's tax cut software to be simple to use to process an otherwise complex tax return . i would recommend it to anyone who wants a reliable tax preparation source without having to pay the accountant 's fees
9695: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is about other people talking about richard pryor with a fe clips of pryor
9697: real: pos ; predicted: neg
collateral damage is the great and partially real action film in which arnold schwarzenger plays a fireman hell bent on getting his hands on the terrorist who killed his wife and kid and many other citizens near a shopping mall . with the attacks on sept 11 , movies have tried to cash in but collateral damage is different . arnold even dedicated the movie to firefighters everywhere in an interview with byron allen . the movie is brilliant in showing what only what the motivation behind terrorist attacks , but the depiction of slow agencies like fbi to counter these terrorist attacks . basically , the fbi and cia tell gorden brewer ( arnold schwarzennger ) that they are working to bring down the terrorist who killed his family , when in fact they have no good leads on the suspect . rather , than sitting on his butt , and waiting for the fbi to do something , gordon takes the law into his own hands and seeks to get justice for his family by going into columbia and getting ' 'the wolf' ' ( cliff curtis ) as the terrorist is called . there is a great scene in which gordon goes crazy and literally beats the hell out of a cold-blooded radio news reporter who says that the victims are pure garbage by saying their ' 'collateral damage'' . the radio reporter explains the reasons behind terrorist attacks but shows no feeling for victims . i loved this scene , because this reporter clearly has no remorse for the dead . he probably has no family of his own , and does n't know the meaning of life , except to cover his own . now you might say to yourself what 's the difference between arnold 's character ( who is going for justice ) and the terrorist well here is the big difference from arnold himself : ' 'the difference between me and you is that i am only going to kill you'' . unbelievable action and twists at the end , that you 're literally be on the edge of youre seat , and just when you think the movie is over... . it 's not ! ! ! director andrew davis not only gives a fact type based movie based on columbia , but also a factual based type movie that deals with terrorism and the lessons that we must learn to see that things like this do n't happen again . in fact , most people will remember the horrible case of wall street reporter , daniel pearl , who was executed after the u.s. failed to meet the demands of the middle east terrorist holding . the u.s. should have gone after these terrorists like the way arnold does in this movie . but then the u.s. does not have a great track record when it comes to nailing terrorist even going back to the 1970 's the u.s. supported and backed up madmen like general pinochet in chile and dictator samoza in nicaragua . both of them killed hundreds of people with u.s. backing and funding . still though ' 'collateral damage' ' is a great action film that you must see .
9698: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it looks great , genuine leather , much better than synthetic . like a brand named leather wallet . but there is no where you can tie the case to the camera . hence you have to hold onto it with another hand when you pull the camera out to take photos . there is no where to put the essential accessories ( battery and another memory stick ) . there is no way to clip to the belt . will like to return if if not the hassle of mailing and the associated cost . bought another handy synthetic case afterwards
9700: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had such high hopes for this hair dryer - - well-known brand , diffuser with long " fingers " just like i prefer , etc. well the first time i used it my hair looked like i had been through a wind tunnel ! the low setting is like most other hair dryers ' high settings , even with the diffuser on . it really blasts the air out ! i have wavy / lightly curly hair and it made my hair a frizzy mess . this dryer may be fine for people with straight hair , but i definitely do not recommend it for people with wavy or curly hair
9702: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my two year old only child adores this dvd so much that she 's " adopted " max as an imaginary younger brother . there 's no flash and no dash , no special effects and no tired slapstick - but there is charm , gentleness , intelligence , humor , and completely accessible characters for the little people in your life . my daughter views max and ruby as such a treat that i used it as a potty training reward - and she 's always just as delighted with it as she was the first time she saw it . ages 18 months through five . five stars , and then some
9703: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as a student studying mathematics , i find it very useul ! packed with 3200 terms and 200 illustrations , it 's a great quick reference guide . i found things in this guide that i could n't find in any other book or guide . another thing about this reference guide is the lack of poor illustrations and examples . some things this guide helped me with is parabolas , ellipses , hyperbolas , gamma funtion , zeta function , feigenbaum number , the greek alphabet , and much more . i thank david nelson and penguin books for such excellent work
9704: real: neg ; predicted: pos
jet li as a contrac killer ? come on ! the reason why this movie is n't that famous is because it pretty much sucks . it 's just a shootem up bang bang type of movie . no realy kung fu here
9706: real: pos ; predicted: neg
read the reviews and picked the elephant for my 17m old child 's nusery . i absolutely love it . before this , my son could not sleep well with our " family 's " humiifier because it was too noisy . within an hour of bringing this home , it was set up ( very easily ) and he took one of many 2 1 / 2 hour naps that week ! no filters , no noise , no problems thus far ! i did have it on high for the first 20 mins and found a puddle of water underneath , but the humidifier was near a window , and i am asumming there was a draft that may have directed the steam toward the dresser top . ( the problem was resolved once moved unto a different surfacetop ) filling it is a snap and the very fine mist ( looked like small stream of fog ) was a pleasure to see out of the trunk of the animal ! the tank seems to last longer than the box states . it is on it 's third day on a low / med setting and it still only has a 3 inch difference at the top . i love the safety features and i do n't have to worry about the tank still on if it 's empty since it has an automatic shut off ! the light is not a problem since he likes to have a tiny bit of light in his room . it is a design that will last thoughout his childhood ! thank you crane !
9707: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it was some years ago when i bought a previous cd version of this encyclopedia . although technology has advanced , and wikipedia has come into existence , encyclopedia britannica is more reliable .
9710: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this uv filter does it job to protect the lens well . the build is solid ( metal construction ) . the glass is also descent quality . about the performance , it absorbs some uv light . the uv light absorbtion is hardly noticeable , probably the sky 1-a and the haze filter version will absorb more uv light than this lens which is fine for me . now , about the one problem which is the internal reflection . i 've heard many people say that it mostly happens during night or low light shooting . i found out that it is not caused directly by the low light / night situation . the internal reflection will appear when there is a strong / bright source of light in comparison to the overall exposure ( the surrounding environment ) . to put it in example ( which hopefully is easier to understand ) , when you take a picture of a lamp during nightime and the light is much brighter than the surrounding area then you will see the internal reflection . as you move the position of the light to be closer to the sides / corner of the picture ( and not in the center of the picture ) , the internal reflection reduces and finally dissapear ( if you move the light far enough from the center ) . and if the light is n't too bright / contrast compare to the surrounding environment then there will be no internal reflection . but of course most of the time , a lamp at nightime is often very bright . but the point that i 'm trying to make is that the internal reflection does n't happen all the time during low light or night time . additionally , the internal reflection is n't only happening at night . it can also happen in the afternoon if you are taking a picture of a sun for example . basically same rule as above , on how bright is the light source compared to the surrounding area , and as you move the sun from the center of the photo and near the side the internal reflection will move to the side / dissapear ( also depending the angle ) . but the best way is just to remove the filter during these situations . hope this explanation helps you to reduce the occurence of internal reflection by identifying correctly when the internal reflection will occur and then remove the filter during those situation ( which is not hard to do ) . i 'm actually not a fan of lens filter ( any filter ) as i think it will only degrade picture quality as we added another layer between the sensor and object , but i decided to use them anyway for all my lens . and i would recommend everyone to get one of this filter if you do n't have any filter for your lens yet .
9713: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the software ( digital image suite 2006 ) before i bought my camera - to be ready to process the pictures i was going to take . a big mistake . i bought a canon 30d camera and record my images in raw format ( *.cr2 ) . unfortunately , not all canon .cr2 raw files are the same . so , even though the software says you can edit .cr2 raw images , it depends on which camera made the image . here is complaint number two - if you use microsoft 's customer service / technical support you will be routed to india - and they will just give you an answer that is vaguely related to your problem . after emailing several times and getting nowhere you will find out that you ca n't write to their washington state headquarters unless you have the name of someone in the address . so , basically , microsoft is the largest technical software company in the world with the worst customer service and no american technical support . now , for the final complaint . there is no link or method to get updates or upgrades for this program ! so , if i want to use a microsoft software package to edit my photo images then i will have to buy a new software package - is n't that wonderful .
9714: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after doing this film steve martin quit doing movies for a while and even turned down scripts written for him so if your a huge fan you may enjoy it , but roxanne , la story , and bowfinger are some of steve 's best works .
9719: real: neg ; predicted: pos
before buying , i downloaded and installed a 30-day trial version of kis 6.0. first , i uninstalled windows live one care . after installing kis 6.0 and rebooting , my windows xp home edition computer just locked up . had to go through safe mode to remove the program via windows explorer , since add / remove programs in control panel will not work in safe mode . when i reinstalled windows live one care , it offered to remove the remains of kis 6.0 that i couldn't . next , internet explorer 7 would not work at some sites . had to call microsoft support and a great technician in india took about an hour to straighten out the damaged files in ie7 at no charge . thanks a lot , kaspersky ! now , my computer is working fine . i am sorry that i did not have a chance to use kis 6.0 , but i will stick with one care and renew it when my 1st year of free updates expires soon
9721: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i loved what the bleep ? and i specifically wanted to learn more about ' creating your day' . this video teaches nothing about how to create your day - nothing . it 's just ramtha ( jz knight ) talking about the fact that you can create your day . i heard you in the movie ! i bought this to give me some additional insights into how to create my day . it does not teach any how whatsoever . do not buy this video ! buy " the secret " @ thesecret.tv . buy " the attractor factor " by joe vitale . buy " wealth beyond reason " by bob doyle . do not buy this video
9722: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this because it was so cute , and had the conair name . within 6 weeks , the bulb blew out , and i started looking for a replacement . ive been to all the local places , and everyplace i could find online . in an obscure place i found the bulb with the right voltage but not the right wattage . the only place i could get the correct bulb was on the conair website - - but they make you buy 10 bulbs , then charge $9.00 for handling . the cost is more than just buying a new mirror ! a rip off
9723: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the remix is totally devoid of any taste:first the vocals are completely-off ; the mix levels of vocals is far lower than the new musical dressings . secondly , there is absolutely no respect on part of the " mixing djs " for the great vocalists:there is no melody and absolutely no ' jelling-together ' of the music with the vocals . i was deeply disappointed with this cd.if you are into remixes get the rod stewart " do ya think i am sexy " single cd instead
9725: real: neg ; predicted: pos
an absolutely lackluster effort from some very talented musicians . i gotta say , i could have used a little more cowbell
9729: real: neg ; predicted: pos
my objection was the implication that the " stars " played a part in the film . i felt that the picture was completely deceptive . ms richards and ms hanna had less than 15 minutes ( maybe a little more but not much and possible even less ) and were clearly there to fool the viewer . it was an interesting documentary about prostitution and it might have been an interesting and revealing film if the the stars had been left out and it was done only as a documentary
9737: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this cd for one song , & quot ; walk away&quot ; which was one of their best known songs . i was hoping since that particular song was so good that maybe the album would harbor a few more gems . there wasn't . the rest of the album is like an anti-climax . i would suggest a greatest hits instead . if you see this cd just turn your pretty head and walk away
9738: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the only thing that kept this from being absolutely predictable was that a dead bad guy did not spring back to life . i found myself saying " oh come on " to one plot point after another ( previous reviewers have covered these absurdities ) . the underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving ( previous reviews in this thread provide details )
9744: real: neg ; predicted: pos
tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables
9746: real: pos ; predicted: neg
office 2007 is a nice step up from office 2003 ( and earlier ) as it has better visuals on the toolbar . e.g. instead of just seeing the worded commands on the toolbar where one clicks on the command and then gets a drop down list to choose from with more commands , i.e. file , tools , edit , etc , you 'll see tabs with different commands on the toolbar . when clicking on the tabs , it sets up across the toolbar , all of the functions of that particular tab . once viewed , you not only see the words of the functions , but also , small example graphs and images of what that functions does . this only applies to all the applications other than outlook , which pretty much retained the same look and feel as 2003 the load times seem to be much quicker than what i had in the 2003 version . in outlook , setting up accounts , maintaining names and addresses is much easier too . the only annoying part of office 2007 that comes to mind is , one can only choose from 3 color schemes . the three are " black " which really looks more like a dark taupe or slate color , " blue " which looks more like a light powder blue and " silver " , which looks like a light gray . in my honest opinion , i like having the standard color look like previous versions and as my taste goes with this , i only like the black setup only
9748: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am certainly happy i bought this filter kit . for a starting photographer , the price was right , and i have not noticed any quality issues . the uv filter stays on a lens at all times , as it 's cheaper to replace the filter , than it is to have a scratched lens element repaired . the light polarizer is very handy , and also works very well , cutting down greatly on glare . i have not yet had the occasion to use the warming filter yet . the filter case is a nice extra , it fits right in my camera bag , and is out of the way untill i need it
9749: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i agree with " music fan " about this cd . eden is a good album , and she 's a good artist . but either this album was poorly produced or something , because this does not show her best . i would n't classify this as world music at all , because the instruments are n't used and it 's more classical pop ; if that 's a genre . it seemed rambly to me with many of the songs sounding similar and lacking originality . i love her , she 's unique in her genre . but she really shines as a classicist , with classics , her work by andrew lloyd webber ( who she married ) and operatic albums . this is what she 's best at , so her collaborations on eden and la luna , which are classical in nature but still allowed her to branch out musically , turned out good . i have a lot of her albums , but i would n't buy this one . it 's more something to listen to once . a few of the songs are good , the album is n't terrible , but it 's not very good
9752: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a complete pain ! ..... we now use macs . however , i decided to take the california bar examination july 2006. the california bar examiners allow the use of laptops utilizing a software program written by examsoft . presently , the software will only work on windows xp . moreover , the california bar examiners will not allow any macs , even the newer macs with the intel processors which require complete re-booting into windows . as a result , i was forced to upgrade my gateway laptop , a fine laptop as far as pcs are concerned , in order to sit for this bar examination . ( that , or purchase a new laptop , which was probably the point . ) thank god for gateway computer technical support as the microsoft folks are clueless : even though the warranty on my gateway laptop expired some time ago , gateway has walked me through more issues during the installation process than i can possibly discuss here . conversely , microsoft simply bounces me around from one tech support person to the next until the telephone becomes disconnected . ..... i suspect that the marketing strategy is that new software ( any new software ) will only work with the newer versions of windows xp or vista , and since vista will be such a memory hog , consumers eventually will be forced to dump their pcs which cannot be upgraded , for new pcs . as for how the operating system actually works : a grade of fair . yesterday , the microsoft update website was down which , according to microsoft 's discussion website seemed to be a problem with other window users as well . typical
9754: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i travel 2-3 weeks a month for work and i needed a hairdryer that was better than the 1000 watt hotel dryers , so after some research i decided to purchase the travel-size t3. during the first time i used it , it started smoking and the coils in the back flared up and caught on fire . ( there were actual flames - - although they quickly burned out ) i took the dryer back to sephora and i was quickly given a replacement . while i had dryer #2 , i noticed that it took 15-20 minutes to dry my hair , when it usually takes 20-30. however , i have the full size t3 at home and it takes about 10 minutes when i use that one . i was expecting this to offer the same power as the other t3. the bottom line is that i did n't notice a big difference between the travel t3 and the hotel hairdryers that are built into the bathrooms . after 6 months , the handle broke on the 2nd hairdryer making it rather challenging to use . if you want a great hairdryer , buy a full size t3 , elchim or chi pro - - if you need something to travel with , you 're better off with finding space for the full size model .
9757: real: neg ; predicted: pos
doesnt work even though the lenmar website says it does . i thought it was a pretty good deal for $26. i wouldnt even give it one star coz it plain doesnt work
9758: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a br5-49 aficionado from the early days at robert 's when the band played for tips and usually played requests until 2am with little or no breaks . admittedly , i long for those days as much as i long for stirrups in major league baseball . so i 'm nostalgic , " it 's a free country . " it is also legal for a band to evolve and morph in any which way it feels . yet , whenever i read a review in some fishwrap publication that states that a band has " matured , " i can do nothing but cringe . here 's the flowchart : band starts out - band plays hard - band gets cult following - band gets reputation - band strikes out on road - band gets contract - band gets a little more pub . - band gets contract with bigger label - band gets new management supplied by label - band gets " coached " in next recording - band changes faces along the way - band changes label again - band gets new direction from new label - band fights for identity - band produces new " mature " album - band gets lost as cult finds new local acts beginning this process . gee , i sure hope this is n't how the end of br5-49 comes about , but enough of the doom and gloom of impending implosion . this record is ok . of course , i realize that any band ca n't just re-hash the same ' ol stuff on every album , but part of what got these guys so much early attention was the raw exhuberance they displayed both live and on the vinyl . one part of this was their ability to do cover songs usually better than the originals , and a simple taste of this is what i sorely miss in the last few recordings . this band live used to be a wild , jittery , moving organism on stage , and although they are still a solid live show ( saw them on the last tour at poor david 's pub in dallas ) , something has settled down . chuck is a great talent , but an early appeal of the band was the vocal volley of chuck and gary bennett . ok , i 'll go cry me a river , but dammit , just go listen to the big backyard beat show one more time . mature ? i just do n't want to grow up that bad
9759: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this video was not animated like the classic chuck jones features such as " the cat in the hat " and " the grinch " . my daughter was rather disappointed to see the camera scanning over pages of the books she already owns along with paper cutouts of the characters floating around as a cheap replacement for animation . we give this video a thumbs down
9761: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i loved this camera when i received it and used it a couple of times . then , it just stopped working . i have since purchased the same camera elsewhere and it is works great . maybe this was just a bad egg . good camera , but 2 months of use for the money was n't good
9762: real: neg ; predicted: pos
gnr were a very overrated band . i found appetite for destruction very dull . this atleast has the band 's 3 great songs in november rain , civil war , and live and let die . get this for 3 great songs but stay away from gnrs other crappy songs and albums ! ! they are not metal !
9763: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there is one thing that every cookbook author can learn from how to cook without a book : recipes and techniques every cook should know by heart , by pam anderson ( not the big-breasted one ) , and that is the art of the highly marketable title . for starters , this artful moniker really plays on the single gal 's fears about never being able to put together nutritious , attractive , varied , affordable , and delicious meals for her future family every single night of the week . you want your kids to be armed with more than some simple carbohydrates when you send them off into the big bad world . so the plus side of this book is the title . that 's where it ends . the big idea here is to help the reader become a non-cookbook-consulting cook by : a ) teaching basic cooking techniques that are conducive to variation , and b ) suggesting mnemonic devices for said cooking techniques . sounds interesting so far , right ? well , the problem is that almost all the recipes rely on " canned low-sodium chicken broth " , which i think is a bit of a weird ingredient . it 's even included in the salad dressings . other big hitters include : heavy cream , butter , and sour cream . do people really eat like this ? regularly ? why not make the easy fruit parfaits for a quick and sweet ending to your meal ? just take a tall glass , drop in a few spoonfuls of sour cream , then a few spoonfuls of brown sugar , and some berries . repeat until the glass is filled . crikey . sour cream , brown sugar , and berries ? ! ? would n't it be just as easy to put the berries in yoghurt sweetened with a little squirt of greek honey ? am i totally off base thinking that this sounds much more appetizing ? or , if calories are no object anyway , why not pick up some baskin robbins ' rocky road on the way home from work ? that 's easy and it 's worth the internal havoc it will cause . oh , and here 's a sample mnemonic device that i ca n't not share , it 's that good : " cook tender vegetables with garlic and oil , then toss in some pasta that 's fresh from the boil . " pure genius , right ? right . in a way , the author was right - i can cook all these things without a book . but why would i want to
9766: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i like japanese films , and really wanted to like this one . however i must say there are a lot of confusing parts to the plot . now i have read this is going to be part of a trilogy one day . if that is true i might give it a higher rating . as of now however , there are just a lot of things that do n't make sense
9772: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i tried an inexpensive program first and found it just did n't work . this program has been fantastic !
9773: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it 's sad that people can get a record deal for beinga good kareoke singer . yeah , maybe my fish can get a record deal : they " sing " in tone , can breath , but refue to lip-synch ( i know it sounds gay ) . this is just sad because bands that play their own instruments , write their own songs , and perform their own songs can pretty much get almost no attention . let 's take the band king 's x : doug pinnick ( vocals / bass ) is an amazing metal singer who can sing in perfect pitch and writes good lyrics about god ( king 's x is a christian band ) ; ty tabor ( guitar / vocals ) has some of the bestguitar solos you probably do n't know ; and jerry gaskill ( drums / vocals ) has some pretty complicated rhythm patterns...yet only like a few dozen people ( i know a lot more people than that like kx ; i 'm just exagerating ) seem to like this band . it 's sad . if you want good music , listen to the band i just menioned ( king 's x if you were n't paying attention ) . ( if amazon does n't post this i will seriously get poed !
9774: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these glasses should not have the bushnell name on them , which misleads one to think they are good quality . i bought them for my son , and by the time i got around to sending them , i discovered that the plastic housing was cracked where the front lens screws in , so the lens was misaligned . it was past the 30-day return date , so i glued the crack and kept them for my own use . they are still not right , but i keep them in my car for occasional use . my advice - - spend some extra money and get a good pair .
9775: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first few days worked great . i could not finish eating anything , i was full with very little to eat but after a few days the effect wore off . i work out daily , count carlories and drink at least 74 ounces of water a day . i did notice a slight difference in my nails and never experienced jitters but that was it . i did not lose any weight what so ever . i think this may be good if you want to have a bit more energy but do n't expect any weight lost .
9776: real: pos ; predicted: neg
style : salsa exercise level : very fit this is now the best latin exercise dvd on the market . it is a salsa style exercise dvd . it contains pure ny shines with some salsa rhythm inspired dance steps . it is a much better routine than her first dvd which was geared towards the beginner market . this dvd is made more for the serious salsa dancer who is already fit . for people looking for a salsa shine video this would be a great start . i must point out you would have to be fit to do this dvd . it is very fast paced . buy lisa 's first dvd to prepare yourself for this dvd
9780: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as with all of zucchero 's cd 's , this is also wonderful . i listen to it all the time , it 's sensual and sexy and great
9783: real: neg ; predicted: pos
over half of this movie consists of scenes taken from the original 1939 classic film directed by zoltan korda . even those scenes ca n't disguise the remake 's network tv-movie quality . beau bridges is generally a good actor , but he is terribly miscast on this film . go rent both versions of the four feathers and see it for yourself
9785: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i work for a software company so i know a little about the user interface concept . this is one of the worst packages i have ever used . i just spent an hour trying to draw my house and get the dimensions right . the automatic dimension builder did not work . i had to draw it , and redraw it to get the dimensions right . then i added a few windows and doors , and 2 porches . then i tried to use the camera to get a vertical view . the whole file blew up - ca n't find it anywhere . the manual is useless , and the tutorial cd is just an overview of each topic . what a waste of moeny
9787: real: pos ; predicted: neg
sombre romantic is a step up if you will in the gothic metal genre . it is a very solid album from start to finish but has alot of layers that keep things interesting . its not what you would really consider to be a " religious " album but there are many undertones that help get the message across . this point being made very clear in " museum of iscariot " which talks of jesus from judas ' point of view . rowan 's vocal stylings change to meet the moods of every song on this album , from low opera type to screaming , in a superb way that stays consistent and never gets old . if you are into relaxed darkwave / goth music this is a perfect album to purchase
9791: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a huge fan of btnh , but even i will admitt this is not a good album . the worst being " home " which uses samples from phil collins . the whole thing feels kind of empty , with very little of the passion that you would hear on the groups earlier works . there are a few songs worth listening to . most notably is " clevland is the city " which is one of the only songs that still sounds like it has any " harmony " to it . other songs worth mentioning are " what about us " , " not my baby " and " pump , pump " , the rest of the album in my opinion is garbage . it is not surprising that the group broke up shortly after this album was released
9792: real: neg ; predicted: pos
first let it be said that this book leads you to believe that he hikes the whole trail.. . he does not . he hikes less than a third . you dont find this out until 2 / 3 through the book , which is right about when the book goes from passibly bad , to an ill effort to fulfill a contract . my conclusion on this book is that he was contracted to hike the trail by his publisher , could not , and stuffed the remainder of the book with verbatum history lessions and whole cloth inserts of useless statistics . as others have said in this review forum . this book can be snide , highschoolish and down right mean . i fail to see the " wit " in his endless negitivity and bashing . this book has a few funny parts , but i cant help but feel that it is a huge exageration of real events , and is mostly contrived fictional accounts which he uses to air is nasty comments . it is so unbelievible in places , that you know you are on an imagined tangent . dont waste your money or time . i am so happy i bought it for 25 cents at a yard sale !
9794: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this cd on a whim after i heard joaquin phoenix was directing their " tired of being sorry " video . whoa ! i was addicted ! i could n't stop listening to it...i had to get a 2nd copy for the car just so i could stop carrying it back and forth . great driving music ! the songs are catchy and have a great beat...i have n't heard anything this good in a long while . i had to have more immediately and luckily found some earlier stuff of scott thomas' ....more on the acoustic / indie side , but awesome ! i highly recommend lovers & thieves ( cdbaby.com ) my faves from ringside are " struggle " , " trixie " , and " dreamboat 730 " . you will not be disappointed
9797: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned . from the moment they reached king kong 's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience . i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape . how can anyone feel anything for king kong ? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island , forces them to provide him sacrificial women , and tortures the female star of the movie . it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong . the villains of the movie were my heroes . i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
9798: real: neg ; predicted: pos
received as a christmas present , dead by february 24. well , actually , that 's two months . now all it does is flash an error message , and nothing i do gets it out of that mode . i liked it before it died on me
9799: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ahhhh , what a great movie . i cry at the end every time . i remember when i was young and prayed for the safe return of the astronauts of apollo 13. however , i am severely dissappointed with the widescreen dvd . those who created it did not use the original film , but chopped top and bottom from the fullscreen vhs version . there are many instances when this is evident , but the most glaring is the scene in the back yard of the lovell house after the walk on the moon when jim says , & quot ; i want to go back there&quot ; . when the scene opens , he is cut off at mid-thigh and you never see below his knees . on the fullscreen vhs you can see his shoes . when i buy the widescreen , i want the whole movie , not less than the fullscreen vhs tape . bad , bad , bad , bad , bad . buy the vhs
9800: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after reading the great reviews regarding the vct870rm tripod ( here and elsewhere ) , i decided to purchase one for my sony hdr-hc1 camcorder . when i first opened the box , the vct870rm seemed sturdy and well made . the tilting action was smooth and had a nice touch , and the remote controls on the handle worked well . however , the panning action was so stiff that while attempting to pan , the main column would twist and the handle would bend slightly . it felt like the tension control knob was tightened , but that was not the case . in fact , the panning continued to drag severely even with the tension knob completely removed . i recently found a vct870rm review from about 5 years ago where somebody else was having the same problem with stiff panning . however , due to all of the other great reviews for this tripod , i 'm assuming that i just received a bad one . i 'm now in the process of working with amazon to get a replacement sent to me . so far , amazon has been great , as they 've already scheduled ups to come to my home and pick up the defective tripod the very next day . they say that i 'll receive my new tripod next week . i 'll post here on the status of the new one when it arrives . update : i received a new replacement vct870rm tripod from amazon , and this one works great . panning and tilting are both very smooth , and the tension is adjustable . if i 'd have received this tripod originally , i would 've given it 5 stars . the first vct870rm i received was definitely defective . i 'm glad i returned it , and i 'm glad i bought it through amazon ( best price at the time , and a hassle-free return )
9801: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this camera for my 13-yr old daughter as her first digital camera . it was a christmas present so i am highly dissapointed that 3 months after purchase , the flash stopped working . the picture quality was good but it hardly makes up for the fact that she can no longer take photo 's indoors or in low light . i would not recommend this camera .
9805: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really wish amazon would let you chose from negative numbers when it comes to rating stars . this movie is nothing but anti-gun propaganda . i have gotten up and walked out of better movies than this , but it was like watching a train wreck...i just had to stay for the end . you know , for those of you who do n't know...firearms save far more innocent lives than they take every year , and mine was one of them . this movie cd might make a good coaster , but beyond that it is trash . some less than truthful " nra member " ( yeah right ) wrote.. . " i really liked and enjoyed this movie . the acting was excellent and the plot twists and action kept my attention . it will keep yours too , just give it a chance . sure , it was a little bit slanted against the gun industry , but they deserve it and need to be more responsible . i may buy the dvd to watch it again , but am overwhelmed with the movies i have bought from amazon.com and not gotten around to watching . however , i may add this to my collection ! " horse hockey . member of the nra ? more like member of the micheal moore fan club . this was the worst movie i have ever seen . they even had to lie to get you in the theater , as nothing was mentioned about it being anti-gun in the trailers ! and saying that it was " a little bit slanted " is like saying micheal moore is skinny and has never ate a cheeseburger or told a lie ! !
9807: real: neg ; predicted: pos
and he 's a super-talented drummer . the day the foos release a best-of compilation i 'll probably pick it up . otherwise , i 'm sad to say that the average foo fighters album cut just does n't cut it for me . all of the songs on there is nothing left to lose are mediocre , run-of-the mill " alternative " rock . only " stacked actors " has some real songwriting substance and it does have some swagger and bite , but to be perfectly honest , it still is n't a huge turn-on in my book . " learn to fly , " the other track that got some airplay on alt-rock radio , may as well have been written by the outfield or some other average rock band along those lines . i almost gave this album two stars , but unfortunately i think that rating would be just too generous . foo fighters have made some really good songs , like " everlong . " but i honestly do n't think they 'd be nearly as big if grohl had n't drummed for one of the most highly revered and charismatic bands of all time , nirvana . elsewhere , their fantastic cover versions such as gary numan 's " down in the park " and prince 's " darling nikki " suggest they are great rockers but less great in the songwriting department
9810: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this product is horrifying . it worked for three months , at which point it experienced a complete meltdown . started getting auto-protect errors , and suddenly could access the internet with explorer , but not firefox . it kept trying to send me to live update , which would n't work , so i uninstalled and reinstalled norton . now the error happened again , and i could access the internet with firefox , but not explorer . an error message referred me to an online " fix , " but - - guess what ! - - you ca n't access any of their fixes with firefox . you must be using explorer . ( which is , in and of itself , offensive and obnoxious . ) explorer , of course , was n't working . ( incidentally , with norton uninstalled , all worked fine , so that was indeed the source of the problem . ) uninstalled and reinstalled norton again , hoping to get on explorer and get the fix before the error recurred , but now i could n't get on the internet at all . at that point , i uninstalled norton for good . ditto on the fact that they do n't support the product , apparently do n't stand behind the product , and apparently are n't very concerned about their reputation . very disappointing . previous versions were just fine ; this is a complete mess
9812: real: pos ; predicted: neg
renowned artist and tarot scholar / writer robert m. place has produced a masterpiece in his new tarot 384 page companion book , the buddha tarot companion : a mandala of cards . this book affords a rich unique perspective of the tarot through the lens of the buddhist paradigm . the companion deck comes in a beautifully illustrated box containing exquisitely designed cards that fit perfectly in my hand , a tiny black gossamer bag plus a bordered little white box with the instructions , " embellish this box with protective and / or empowering symbols . " other suggestions that greet you as you begin your journey with the buddha cards include : " smudge with sage to cleanse and re-energize the cards after a reading . " and " store your deck with stones or crystals that absorb negative energy , promote healing , or provide protective energy . " also included in the box is a mini-book with guidelines on reading these particular cards . both items are published by llewellyn , who as always , have taken great care to ensure quality and aesthetics in the way the cards are packaged and presented . robert has done an amazing job in correlating the life of the buddha with the tarot journey through the cards . he describes how the major arcana fits perfectly with the life of siddhartha and his journey of enlightenment . each of the tarot trumps is a stage on the mystic 's journey to enlightenment . in fact , it is mr. place 's belief that the creators of the tarot were directly influenced by the life of the buddha , and incorporated archetypes into the major arcana based on his journey . he teaches that the ancient wisdoms were not isolated from one another . instead , " the classical world maintained communications with india and the ancient western philosophers were familar with indian philosophies . " as well , the islamic world introduced the christians to the life of the buddha during the middle ages . " the european christians were enamored with the story , and they transformed him into a christian saint - st. josaphat . " i was fascinated by the titles given to the major arcana cards . each of the 23 cards reflect an important aspect of the siddhartha 's personal journey to become the enlightened one , the buddha . robert place has created a deck and book that not only meets the needs of people who practice eastern beliefs . he also acts as a mediator to help people of the western world learn about and appreciate the noble tenets of buddhism and its teachings for life . i highly recommend this deck - i found it very easy to follow , the graphics are amazingly detailed and artistically rendered and the companion book clearly helps you to learn to " read " using a buddhist world view .
9814: real: neg ; predicted: pos
by reading the cover i thought it would be a great product to have . it indeed has some good items but overall this is something one can live without . games - bowling game is actually a teaser version . you can play only two lanes . others cost you extra . two other games are not exciting . themes and screen savers are mediocre . i liked the analog convertor but not too much . if you can get input from any audio device , this program can convert it into a digital format . alas it does n't convert to mp3 format . also you need to keep computer completely free of other load while recording otherwise songs will be recorded slow or fast , but not on the normal speed . dancers can provide some entertainment to young kids for two minutes but soon they find out that these dancers have canned actions . i liked ben though especially when he gets tired of dancing . bottom line - i do n't think you would regret buying this at 17 dollars but the novelty will wear off within a week .
9818: real: neg ; predicted: pos
well , i like the song " i shall believe " and that 's why i purchased this album , but it would have been better to buy just the single
9819: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this item because of a recommendation from a friend . i will start out by saying that when i first purchased this frame , i loved it . the display , contrast and brightness were great . however , after 5 short months , the display 's pixels started acting funny . they get out of sync and display a solid color rather than the imgage . turning the frame off and back on resolves the issue for about 60 seconds and then it 's back to bad pixels . myself and two of my friends each purchased this frame and are all experiencing the same issue . in conclusion - it would have been a great frame if it had worked long enough to display pictures from all four seasons .
9820: real: neg ; predicted: pos
great book , of course , but for this edition oxford used a computer to justify the type . on every other line you encounter three or four spaces where there should be only one . it may not bother most readers , but i 'm looking for another publisher 's edition
9827: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this would be a great item except it is n't clear that it only works on handles that are pointing to the right . our doors have the handles going to the left leaving this item useless for us
9828: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a terrible movie . when it came out in 1956 it was a box office bomb even though both stars were at the height of their powers . time had only added to it 's mediocrity
9829: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i love the firm workouts , and i love the instructor allie , so i was so excited to try this new workout . i was unfortunately extremely disappointed . this workout was not complicated , but it also was n't much of a workout . i did n't get my heart rate up at all , and did n't break a sweat . some of the moves are just not very good , and having to repeat them everytime we add on got really annoying . the disco part was my favorite , but overall , this is a workout that i can honestly say i would rather have the money then the workout . i will keep it and periodically do it on a very light day or in addition to another workout , but that 's just because i have it . i 've tried a couple other of the new firm workouts that are more worth the money...this one i am sad to say is not .
9832: real: neg ; predicted: pos
dr. hawkins first book , power vs force was interesting and presented a useful way to dowse using kinesiology . however , he began to venture into misapplication of this method , and has now gone off on a tangent where he seems to wish to delude himself into thinking he has developed a fool-proof way to judge the level of consciousness of any entity , concept , or construct and the truth or falsehood of any statement . there are serious logical , philosophical , and practical flaws in his work , and his attempt to quantify matters that are n't quantifiable leads to meaningless data that probably matches the bias & beliefs of those carrying out the muscle tests . this book is a good example to present to show how people can deceive themselves and misuse muscle testing and dowsing techniques . the actual technique is worthwhile , but much of what hawkins presents in the book is utterly meaningless and invalid . the levels of awareness that can be tapped into with dowsing are wise enough to not let us ask just anything we wish to and be able to receive accurate , valid answers . hawkins explores issues about media , politics , religion , spirituality , history , philosophies , healing arts , entertainment , and more , and reveals his own gross ignorance on many matters . he seems unaware that many of the people he trusts in politics and media are professional gangsters , liars , and two-faced sociopaths . he has a negative view of conspiracy theorists , many of whom are genuinely determined to find the truth and do n't resort to hawkins ' misguided shortcut attempt to identify truth . hawkins also fosters confusion with his description of his muscle test method , as it really has little to do with applied kinesiology , but is a form of dowsing where the muscle is directed to remain weak or strong in lieu of muscle response moving a pendulum or rod . i hope hawkins gets to reconsider his current efforts...consciousness and spiritual research are vital endeavors and there are others doing useful , responsible work in those areas . for now i 'd encourage hawkins to recognize that 911 was in part an inside job , many conservative politicians and pundits are corrupt frauds , and the overall maturity of consciousness in america is not greater than the rest of the world
9834: real: pos ; predicted: neg
actually i felt i was in love with this film as soon as i saw the very beginning - the opening credits against the background of chicago seen from high above and provided with beautiful music . " candyman " could have become another teenage urban legend flick with not much of a sense , but bernard rose managed to squeeze everything possible from the story making a brilliant , enchanting and spellbinding film out of it . if you 're interested mostly in gore and some physical manifestations of horror you wo n't find it here ( you will , but not in quantities you used to ) . " candyman " is more of a psychological horror where atmosphere is what 's important , where mood is what matters , where you are given some food for thought . i do n't have enough words to describe the whole perfection of this gorgeous film , i can only say it 's a great achievement of bernard rose as a director besides i guess tony todd , virginia madsen and xander berkeley had their best roles played in this feature . i do n't personally think that 90s were fertile regarding the horror genre , but " candyman " is a true gem which would n't be lost among the greatest horror titles of all times . by the way if you do n't want to spoil your impression of the film , better do n't watch " candyman " parts 2 and 3. they are the average tenage urban legend flicks .
9839: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the book offers what feels to be a valuable revelation about improving your game . the information is well presented and the cd is a nice addition...but really i think counting the the tempo / timing to yourself would be more effective ; at least that worked better for me
9840: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it would be nice if the contents were listed , with all of microsoft 's versions , it gets confusing
9843: real: pos ; predicted: neg
anyone who reads this book would not be surprised at the runaway success of the & quot ; left behind&quot ; series , since it demonstrates that a preoccupation with bible prophecy affects a much wider demographic than the fundamentalist subculture . indeed , the impact of premillenial thought has extended all the way up to the reagan white house . and , christian or not , who has n't heard of the term & quot ; antichrist&quot ; or the significance of the number & quot ; 666&quot ; ? this book presents a fairly comprehensive survey of popular eschatology , including the role of israel , russia , the arab countries , europe , and the united states . it also shows how those beliefs have changed over the years ( turkey was considered gog and magog before russia was , and the pope was designated as the antichrist for years before hitler and henry kissinger came along ) . the final chapter , written at the brink of the collapse of the soviet union , demonstrates how , once again , premillenial thought adjusts itself ( or sometimes not ) depending upon world conditions . this is a fair , even-handed treatment of a religious and cultural phenomenon
9844: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this lens does exactly what it should . the overall quality is extremely good . take a look at my photos : - first photo is without the lens - second photo is with the lens and flash - third photo is with the lens and without flash there are a few things to note about the photos : - there is a substantial amount of barrel distortion . this is normal . try not to have straight lines near the borders of the photo to make it less obvious . - fringing is exaggerated . you notice fringing ( purple or blue tints ) along high contrast edges of objects that are near the borders . you can see this on regular shots but is more exaggerated with the wide angle lens . - the lens makes a shadow when using the built-in flash . you can see the shadow in the photo with the flash . in a darker environment , it is very obvious . the external flash is the only way to fix this . a couple details : - you can get an extender that is a nice brushed aluminum here : http : / / www.lensmateonline.com / s2.html - the camera has a setting ( converter ) to indicate that you have the lens attached . it 's not obvious what it does but it is indicated by a change in the image stabilization icon so i assume that it affects the way that image stabilization works . overall , i recommend this lens
9845: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i use this film just normally for everyday stuff . it is n't grainy when you enlarge the photos , and the colors are just outstanding . i use the 800 for the really important stuff though because i think the colors are more vibrant . but , for just vacations , stuff around the house , the 400 will do a great job . anything less it basically a waste of money . i shoot at least a roll a week just of everyday life and this is the one that i choose all the time . i have a basket full
9848: real: pos ; predicted: neg
27 ounces is a nice size , the bottle is light ( can be dented ) , and water stored in it tastes very good....and that will be even more welcome in the summer when a hot plastic water bottle in the car will taste lousy ! another reviewer mentioned a squeal......that would be while twisting the cap on or off . i 've gotten used to that . wish it was just a hair thinner to fit in my toyota cupholder...that may not be an issue with toyotas that are newer than mine are ( 10 & 15years ) . in the car , on the nightstand , in the canoe or kayak.....it 's working for me
9849: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought another one of these because i dropped my orginal at the grocery store and broke the bulb.i tried contacting the company with this new one.u cannot get an answer . the company seems to have a non working number . other than that , the product ok and i havent been sick since i have used it . /
9850: real: neg ; predicted: pos
about half the songs are great old songs i 'm familiar with , the other half are songs made famous by other artists and most are clangers for elvis that are painful to listen to
9852: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a wonderful show and very true to the band 's recent live performances , albeit with a condensed songlist . i give it only 4 stars because i had the pleasure of seeing mr. winwood and band live and the sound stage gig seems just a tad below that experience- -which is admittedly an unfair comparison . nothing to knock about this tidy show by a true virtuoso ( actually a band of virtuosos ) . consider it 4.5.
9853: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a bunch of money grabbing idiots ! if you are considering buying quickbooks , do n't ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i have never had such a horrible experience with a product . they take features away , especially with payroll , if you do not buy their products . then when you call to ask what is going on , they tell you that you have not purchased their support program and that they cannot help you ! ! i hate quick books . their is nothing quick about it and the so called support staff are a bunch of liars ! !
9854: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this product does make the appetite disappear ! ! however it made me very irritable while i took it . i took it for four days so i did not give it enough time to see how the fat burning part worked . the pills were also very long and caused me throat irritation . everyone is affected differently when taking things so i would say give it a try you will notice the effects right away .
9856: real: neg ; predicted: pos
freezes ie 7 and you have to close out and restart...besides that , the other problem is slow printing because you have to use the " print as image " selection for anything that is scanned . overall it is ok , and with the vast price difference with adobe , i can live with it . but , make no mistake , this program is far inferior to the adobe product
9857: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as a peripheral bnl fan , i have always admired the off beat sense of humor these guys dish out . with previous releases , i have been able to discover new things in repeated listenings . this cd got stale fast . seems to be geared to the tween crowd . i am hopeful newer releases will stay true to the bnl i have enjoyed in years past
9860: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've read good reviews of this camera on this and other sites but i am not having the same experience . the quality of the photos are horrible so i started thinking it was me and i tried it with different settings , tried being very , very still etc but , i only get one good shot out of about ten . i have a fuji 4mp that i bought about 6 years ago and it takes way better pictures than this . i bought this so i could give my old one to my daughter but i 'm gonna end up giving this one to my daughter and and keeping my fuji . we recently had snow here in tucson so i took pictures with mu fuji and compares them to the canon and the 6 year old fuji finepix beat it hands down . i do n't get it , did i get a defective camera or am i doing something wrong or does this camera just suck
9862: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this comedy , like click has a funny side to it and then switches to a darker side half way through . the characters in this film can be hated at points , especially michael douglas ' and matt dillon 's but there is a lighter side ! owen wilson is very likeable as dupree , an unemployed party guy who is in need of love and a good paying job . the cast is fine and one of the strength 's in this film ! however , i think it gets too serious at points . this is supposed to be a comedy after all . i would n't buy it but it is certainly worth renting
9864: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am not going to repeat other reviewers discussion of the lack of character development . my issue is with the lack of basic research . one incident has hawke 's zodiac being fired upon by a french patrol boat 's missile . bell uses the harpoon missile as the weapon . the french have their own very effective ship to ship missile in the exocet . very unlikely that the french would use an american made harpoon . later in the novel , hawke is taking off from a carrier deck in the latest vtol aircraft , the f-35. the catapult fails and hawke is put in grave danger . my problem , this is a vtol aircraft , which the author goes to great lengths to mention and describe . why would there be a " cat shot " at all . vtols are designed for vertical takeoff and then transistion into level flight , which , again the author describes . also this scene has nothing to do with the story . just another " saturday cliff hanger " episode . this is my second attempt at a ted bell novel , assasin being the first . there are too many other writers out there than give a sense of believability for me to waste my time on this type of thriller . i believe the author has the ability to create a very good novel . i wish he would cast aside the unbelievable and go with something a little more creditable
9865: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there are not many movies i have switched off after the first 30 minutes , but this is one of them , and i recommend you rent this one first before you buy or else you might have a nasty surprise
9867: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this camera was easy to use and it was light and had decent quality picture and audio , however , i was unable to make copies for back-up or to share with family members . i took it back and bought a mini-dv camcorder as i was told it was easier to make copies . this has yet to be tested
9869: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this product does wonders . it helped with blotchy skin and made my whole face feel softer yet firmer within a week . like another customer , i have sensitive skin . i did n't feel this dried my skin out at all . but a word to the wise , make sure to read the directions carefully , this product is not meant for use around the eyes which might explain some complaints . if used properly , its fantastic
9872: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the story is about peter growing up with his family in north dublin and is set in the 1960's . the tightly knit family relations with his own family and those of his extended family of lodgers , which his parents took in to supplement his father 's income , forms the backdrop to his story at 44 seville place . the pace of the book has the rhythm of the sixties . the short sentences beat out the rhythm of the sixties and keeps the tempo up-beat throughout the whole of the book . for those who have experienced dublin in the sixties this book will take you back to that place and that time . the metaphorical pieces were very touching and masterfully executed . one example of this technique was when peter tries to get to grips with his emotions concerning the possible loss of his brother frankie before frankie goes into surgery . a joy to read . da is the sun and all the minor planets revolve around him . peter takes to his role as mercury the messenger with great relish . there is a strong bond between father and son . i feel this story should not be compared to frank mccourt 's angela 's ashes . a one generation step into the future in ireland can make a very big difference in how life is experienced . it was a very enjoyable read whereby the need to laugh out loud in places could not be silenced . however there were places in the book where the need to cry out loud could also not be silenced .
9874: real: pos ; predicted: neg
having used the office programs for some time , i was a bit put off by the new ribbons which replace the old menus . i guess that office needed a new look , but i am not sure if i buy the advertising that the ribbon will make my work more productive . some things that you should know about office 2007 and ultimate in general . the licensing agreement allows you to install office 2007 ultimate on two computers , one of them being a laptop . i found this clause in the legal agreement and even called microsoft legal to confirm . if you make modifications to the quick access toolbar ( and who wo n't do that ? ) and you want to take these changes with you to another computer , the files for the toolbars are located at : c: \documents and settings\username\local settings\application data\microsoft\office where username is your username . something i have found handy when working with my two computers . one thing that i do n't like is that the file name extensions have changed . gone is the familiar .doc for word documents . now the file extension is .docx . if you want to create a document that can still be opened by prior versions of word , you must purposefully choose to create a .doc file , but you lose some of the functionality of the new files . the .docx file this format is not the same as the opendocument standard . microsoft promises that older versions of word can still open the .docx files , but i have not tried it and i do n't buy into everything that microsoft promises until i see it happen . why could n't microsoft just leave the files the same as they have always been ? office 2007 does look slick and i anticipate that i will warm up to it in the future as i get used to the new command structure .
9876: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i still have ther original blackmans shaver purchased in 1977 it still works ! this one works even better i have tried other remington shavers over the years the 850 9300 and the 9500 none of them worked as well as the first one untill now ! i found that by shaving in small circular motion as you move along your face you wo n't need williams lectric shave as i had with the other razors and it 's much easier to claen ! now if the just keep making replacement baldes i will be very happy for a long time
9877: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the bars look like mudpies , are very dry , and all three " flavors " taste the same , meaning that they do n't have much flavor at all . i much prefer certain flavors of balance bars . the only good thing about these clif bars is that i do n't get hungry for several hours after eating one
9878: real: neg ; predicted: pos
look i really despise bush . he 's an idiot . and i know people are gonna have different opinions on that . but what i wish wouldnt happen is people giving this 5 stars cause its against bush and they agree . seriously the music is really not good . however if you do buy it make sure you watch the dvd eh ? its got a great will farrel skit on it . 2 stars for that and the few decent songs on here ( ie no w by the ministry ) thats all
9879: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had never eaten a luna bar before i made this purchase , so i had expectations that were not even close to being fufilled . when i read " chocolate pecan pie " .. i expected just that. . the taste of rich chocolate , with nutty pecans and a gooey sugary base . what i received was a bar with little taste , nothing at all similar to the name on the bar . in my opinion , the bar is edible if you have no expectations of it.. . the flavor is barely there . the bar is dry . it is never again be on my " purchase " list
9883: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i found the product to work very well for antivirus , spyware and spam . it is nice to have one product at a reasonable price that has multiple functions rather than 3-4 sperate products and their associated cost and maintenance . i had been using norton 2004 , but it only did a good job on viruses . although it would detect spyware after the fact , it did a poor job of removing them . i had also used the ms beta , which although detected more spyware than norton , would not block it . i had one computer that always seemed to be crippled with spyware . since i installed pc-cillin , i 've had no problems . i 've also found the spam blocker to work fairly well , catching about 80% of the spam . i had been using multiple rules and a spam list with outlook , that probably only blocked about 40% of the spam , so this is a big improvement . my only complaint is the rebate - i sent in the required info and it was rejected due to " invalid / missing ups . " i then sent a copy of the ups they indicated that was missing , but never got anything back .
9888: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these are my experiences with the extender mounted to my eos 10d . i 'm currently debating whether or not to buy it for my new 30d , but it looks like i do n't want to risk wasting my money . let me explain : let me start by saying that the only reason i gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is because it did prevent my nose from smudging the lcd screen . i shoot events at nightclubs a lot , so i 'm always ( a ) running around to get shots , causing me to sweat , which causes a sweaty and oily nose tip and ( b ) i always show the subjects their photos after i take them , so having a smudgy screen can be kind of annoying . for further clarification , i 'm asian , so my nose is not as defined or long as other ethnicities . i run around a lot when i shoot . so the constant activity eventually led the extender to naturally fall off . i got lucky once , and found it in the general vicinity of where i was , but the second time , i was n't so lucky . so what did i do ? i purchased another one . not only did i have to purchase the extender , i had to purchase the viewfinder replacement ( the piece with the soft rubber ) because that was attached to the lost extender . another 2 weeks in , and again , same problem . i did n't even bother buying any replacements , as by this time , i upgraded to the 30d . if you do n't plan on doing a lot of running around , then this piece may be okay for you . however , please take into consideration that this piece also fell off for me while putting my camera back in my canon backpack . for some reason , the piece did n't fit tightly with the mount on the camera . another problem , as most people mentioned , is that images are very noticeably smaller through this extender , so be prepared to have strained eyes if you plan on using your camera all day . i guess i 'll check it out at my local camera shop and see how it fits with the 30d ; i 'll be sure to write another review if the results are different than with the 10d
9890: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this for my 3 children who are already taking computer classes in middle school . the license allows you to install it on 3 computers so for $130 its a great deal considering that a single license of a full version of office is couple hundred
9892: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i did not like this cd at all . there was not even one song that i liked . however , given the positive result the cd received , it may just have been my personal taste . i also got her new cds , and did not like those eithe
9894: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book provides excellent information about what rheumatoid arthritis is , how to distinguish it from osteoarthritis , etc. however , i do n't want to live with ra , i want to recover from it . as such , this book offers no help in this regard . it tells me about drugs that i can take and splints that i can wear to help me from becoming completely disabled , but offers me no hope of recovery . in contrast , the book " conquering arthritis " by barbara allan , is the well-researched account of someone who took charge of their health and fought to recover from the disease , to get their life back . and succeeded ! i 'm well on the road to recovery myself by applying the principles in her book . now that 's a book well worth spending your money on
9896: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really did n't enjoy the movie , but i had to finish it . the hypocrisy of faith and her sidekicks mirrored so many of the so-called fundamentalist that i know , but the ignorance and hopelessness of the others were terrifying . this movie presented a very perverted view of christianity . though there was alot of talking about jesus and saying his name , it was clear that no one in the entire movie actually knew him and spent time with him . when mary gets a revelation from something she believes is christ that opposed the actual word of god , she finds someone who is crazier than the average nut to confirm her decision . christ does not tell anyone to do things that goes against his word . no one actually reads a bible in the movie . consequently , most made many life-damaging decisions . i hated the " reality " of the movie , but it has challenged me to actually spend time with christ and learn about him . i shudder to think that i could live long enough to present such a twisted veiw of what christianity truly is .
9897: real: neg ; predicted: pos
yo nu-mixx sux i hate when people make cd 's like this to make some money off of great artist like pac . this cd is disrespecting pac and nobody should get this if your a pac fan . they take great songs and make crappy beats . get this if you want to support pac haters or waste your money
9901: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do n't buy zone alarm if you use aol ; they are not compatable . the pop-ups will drive you crazy and aol wo n't work properly . also plan on your computer running much slower when this software is installed . i bought it from amazon and had to throw it away in a month.. . no refund ; money lost . norton is far better with aol
9902: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i wanted to buy a compact slim d-camera . those with larger zoom are quite bulky , you ca n't carry around all the time . i think a slim camera is a better choice . i slip into my pocket while wondering around and come across something nice and take a picture of it . you ca n't do it with a huge camera . after i made up mind about a slim camera , my choices were either casio exilim or sony dscw series . casio exilims are very sexy . they have a lot of mode scenes . they also function as voice recorder . you can take pictures of book pages etc. they have anti-shake capability which is said to reduce blurred images . i was almost buying a casio exilim . being a diligent person i wanted to search more and more . i found out that the so-called anti-shake feature is a bogus . many people found it useless . that was a good reason to choose casio . then i found the picture quality of exilim is not really good.i found some pictures taken with exilim . they were soft , not crisp colors . search the web reviews made by photo professionals . casio exilim is rated significantly less than sony in picture quality . with iso 200 noise was still detectable in most reviews . those same reviewers however found sony dscw doing a better job . there was no noise with iso 400 which means even in lower light condition sony did a better job ( less granularity in pictures with low light ) . big difference ! . one feature of sony that made it very attractive was its strong macro . it is 0.74 inch which means you can bring your camera 0.74 inch ( 2 mm ) close to an object ( say a bug ) and still take a brilliant picture of it . now comparison of exilim and sony to summarize : casio exilim anti-shake ( it 's a bogus ) slim lower macro ( 2.5 inches ) lower picture quality ( detectable noise at iso 200 ) a lot of scene modes quick shutter sony dscw series slim ( in fact it is slimmer ) higher macro ( 0.74 inches ) higher picture quality ( no noise in iso 400 ) not a lot of scene modes quick shutter so.....i purchased a sony dscw 7 mp. i took lots of pictures . they are all brilliant , detailed and crisp , true colors . i tried macro and took pictures of bugs . you can see the hairs on the legs of bugs . absolutely no noise whatsoever , no blurry . it 's a marvel of technology . i took pictures of fireworks in july 4th using high iso setting . they came out brialliantly like professional pictures . it also uses a different kind of battery that you ca n't buy at your grocery which can leave you vulnerable . so you may wanna buy a spare one ( about 40 bucks ) . but you can always recharge it . and it lasts much much longer than aaa or nimh batteries . it was a perfect choice . i highly recommend it .
9904: real: pos ; predicted: neg
either you get on the train or you don't ... and as long as you continue to get on the train , you 'll grasp the meaning of christmas . the true meaning of christmas . but you have to be willing to get on . this movie was a great adaptation of the classic story . i must admit i was a tad bit wigged out by the animation . it was just oogey in some ways . realistic at times and , at other times , so unbelievably fake.. . i could n't decide if i liked the animation or not . still can't . but the story itself is worth the struggle i had with the animation . get on board ! you 'll be glad you did .
9905: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it works , but it takes a long time to really trim it down . very low power , made of plastic . i do n't recommend this product
9906: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is the author 's presentation of the satipatthana sutra , the basic sutra on mindfullness . as in all of his works he does the work of a good dharma teacher very well . he keeps his own personality and teaching idiosyncrasies out of the way so that the student 's understanding can arise naturally . there are more elaborate and academic descriptions of the sutra available and more detailed descriptions of how to use the sutra in meditation . but this is good basic information presented in a good manner with no frills or personal quirks . the author gives a good commentary on the sutra and explains why he translates certain passages , but he also gives the alternate interpretations . this is a fine basic introduction to the central issue in vapassana meditation . highly recommended
9908: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was shocked to open this book and find the author 's words targeting the very soul of my writing . it is a book about craft , not a pop culture & quot ; i wanna write a book&quot ; manual.gerard shows a great understanding of the motivation behind the need and desire to write well . he speaks to those who are willing to put effort and excellence where their pen meets the page.i heartily recommend this book
9909: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you need an experience of pure meaningless noise , this one 's for you . however , dont expect it to change your life much . the price listed above for the album is a very good example of the old cliche , " you get what you pay for .
9912: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as crow puts it , if it had not snowed on that monday in march . the snow led to a chain of circumstances with crow bringing a homeless teenager home for dinner and a place to stay for the night . it turns out that the teenager , lloyd , was a witness to a crime , and that draws tess into the case when she connects lloyd to a news reporter . events disrupt her life as the case develops and federal agents demand that she reveal the name of the source . the story starts with a narration by crow , and alternates between crow , tess , and other characters in the story . you will get a lot more crow in this novel than in others . the story has an interesting ending , and you can wonder if lloyd will show up again . you get some information along the way about baltimore soup kitchens and the homeless , and a view of the underside of society where life is sometimes cheap
9914: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this a few months ago , and after about three or four shaves it stopped working properly . it yanks on the hairs instead of cutting them , which is very painful ! it does n't pull them all the way out , which is even worse because it means you have to go over and over the same spots if your desperate enough to continue . sometimes it works okay , but what good is a razor that only works half the time ? others here have noted the short battery life and change in sound when it 's losing power . mine does sound " slower " when it 's yanking the hair , but that does n't seem to be related to battery charge ( e.g. it can start the shave in evil hair-pulling mode , and then straighten up and shave right five minutes in ! ) even when not pulling hair , the shave is not close . definitely find a different razor
9915: real: neg ; predicted: pos
cheezy as cheezy can be . the only feature i liked was that this item could be returned ! the sound was terrible , not easy to tune , flimsy design and the gimmick to have it look like a bug was only cute if you are 10 years old . this thing is junk and not worth the price of the batteries it requires . mine was promptly returned
9916: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am in agreement with others here who indicate that 4.0 is a downgrade from 3.0. performance is very poor , especially the organizer . it 's depressing to see how fast alternative programs are , such as mac iphoto and even the canon software that came with my camera , compared to elements . recently , i 've been getting lots of crashes , though everything else on my system is completely stable . the only reason i gave it more than 1 star is it does have some nice functionality , when it works correctly
9918: real: pos ; predicted: neg
acronis true image 10.0 home is really great for making backups and moving entire partitions to a new disk . very easy , foolproof , and dependable . good product. . good price
9919: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the program is over what i expected . performance is great and such a useful tool
9923: real: pos ; predicted: neg
with 20 grandkids and 3 great grandkids , i have spent many hours with them playing games on the comptuer . almost all of them like all types of games , but the i spy series is one of the most played series that i have . the i spy treasure hunt notes ages 6 to 10 and they must have done a lot of testing to be able to devlop a game that is actually challenging and interesting for adults , and yet can actually be played by young kids as well . the i spy series has always had very hight quality games , and this is at the top of the list for me . i will warn you though , that if you play with your kids , be prepaired to surprised . my usual play is for me to help the kids search , and not find items and tell them , but if they get stuck , point out an area to look at . with this one , i have a seven year old that was finishing finding the last 4 or five items before i could find even one of them . great play for everyone . super recommended
9925: real: neg ; predicted: pos
being a pc user for many years ( since 1985 ) i have come through all the versions of ms operating systems ( does anyone out there remember 3.5 ! ) ms has also piggy backed this " robust " office product for 20 years . their upgrades are seldom anything more than a better looking toolbar . this is no exception , but this time i like the tool bar ! as to ease of use , i use powerpoint and word often and my spouse uses excel . if there were an easier product available we would buy it but then windows xp would kill it on sight and vista would stop working altogether . why does ms think that everyone but those working in a professional since ( hence office for professionals ) needs all the junk they subject us to ? do those guys in redmond still think adult users of the pc like " cute " things like little doggies wagging their tail or a friendly paper clip to help you answer your every question ! i am tired of beta testing ms products for so many years but as a pc user i am stuck with them and until someone else can come up with a better system , other than mac , we are all stuck with them .
9926: real: pos ; predicted: neg
one of the reviews i read before purchasing these suggested that the reviewer should 've had them for her celine dion concert . i took the suggestion and they were perfect ! they fit nicely in my evening bag and brought celine closer to me as i sat in the second mezzanine at caesar 's palace ! not only that - but the price was right ! i could n't be happier ! plus , now i have them for our next trip to rocky mountain park to get up close and personal to some wildlife
9927: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i made mistake getting such a big & bulky case for small minidv sony camcorder hc26. this case can take any big size old camcorders ( like old sony hi8 ) , so if you are looking for your new camcorder this definately is a bad choice
9928: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the case is protective and stylish without hindering the camera 's ability to store and transport easily . it 's definately worth the dough to keep your nikon s1 or s2 from scratching or even breaking from a minor fall
9929: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i first picked up this book because i 've always been interested in what young writers have to say . but i have to admit , even i was a little surprised . this story mind the mythicism , is a real representation of what young children 's minds sometimes go through . that idea of a person you fabricated , gaining more reality than necessary . congrats to ms. oyeyemi for her brilliant attempt to shine some light on this realm that few share conversations about . she is one i 'll keep in my mind for a while . if you like young writers , you should check out charles hedji 's fields of discovery . i 'm an avid reader once again
9932: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after using the dryer ( which i liked very much and did a quick job ) , i discovered that my hair was being ruined . it would break off in small 2 inch curved pieces . i stopped using it for a month and confirmed that was the problem because the lavatory was no longer filled with broken pieces of hair . i would like to return it and get my money back ! ! !
9933: real: pos ; predicted: neg
these are very tasty . they take care of a sweet tooth without all the unpronouncable ingredients or being terrible for you . they also are great in a diaper bag , purse , center console of a car for when you get hungry and need something to tie you over until you are at home or whatever your destination
9935: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this rechargeable shaving system for my husband for christmas . it was a replacement of a corded shaver he had been using . he has been enjoying the features offered by this device . he especially likes the ability to rinse it out after each use . it gives a close shave and has a quick charge feature that allows you to charge it for a few minutes and gives at least two shaves . he has used the razor for about two weeks now with no complaints . it was a great price for a quality product
9937: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this stuff does not work at all ! i tried this because it was the only one of the lens repair solutions that did n't have negative feedback , save yourself money and do not buy this product . it looks just like nail polish and leaves the same kind of film on your lenses
9939: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these glasses should not have the bushnell name on them , which misleads one to think they are good quality . i bought them for my son , and by the time i got around to sending them , i discovered that the plastic housing was cracked where the front lens screws in , so the lens was misaligned . it was past the 30-day return date , so i glued the crack and kept them for my own use . they are still not right , but i keep them in my car for occasional use . my advice - - spend some extra money and get a good pair .
9940: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this software is perfect for what i needed . it allows my to keep my books without relying on an accountant
9941: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this program is causing many people difficulties . i had to make two seperate calls to customer service .
9945: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i think this is the best book that i have ever read . i thought that the civil war was very , very boring but when our class started to read bull run i knew that i was wrong . the way that paul fleischman writes he would leave you wanting to read more . from the way paul fleischman described the characters to the words that paul flesichman use to set the tone of the characters he just seem to draw a cool picture of what is going on in your minds eye . each character has a different story of the war and of life . i would suggest this book to anyone who is learning about the civil war . it supplies you with a lot of information you might not get in the history book and tells it in a way that makes you want to learn . this book was excellent from the first page i read . even though this novel is very brilliant , some people might not like it . if they can not wait to know what happens to a favorite character , like one of my favorite characters dietrick herz . he had the funniest voice i ever heard . when paul fleischman leaves you hanging he really leaves you hanging . but the only way to find out the ending is to read the entire book and find out what happens for yourself . and trust me it will be worth your while this truly is a magnificent book . the best that i have ever read and if i liked it then for surely you will love it too , trust me . before i read bull run i had only read books with one or two characters and this type of book was really , really new to me . i had to get use to it a little but since it was n't very hard to read it only took a short time to adjust to the bull run story by paul fleischman . some of the characters that i really liked was toby boyce because he had a good attitude on trying to learn how to use the fife . another was carlotta king because she had a very spunky voice in this story like how the yankees would get rid the of the law so that the slaves could be free and be in control of there own religion and what i mean by that is they can practice there own religion . another one of my favorite characters is vergil peavy . i think that he was my favorite character because of the way he sounds in the story . in the story he sounds like he 's from texas also the way how he talks about the war like they were the big war heroes . and my last favorite character is shem suggs because he was the lonly one who likes to talk about horses and to horses also what they are like who they should be with . shem suggs is the person who takes care of all the horses , that he watches pretty much like baby sitting the horses . but the reason i really really like him is because he minds his own business and does n't talk to people about the war and the politics all he talks to are his friends which are the horces . that is the reason why i like shem suggs the best out of all the other characters the best because he is smart
9946: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you are interested in a very traditional approach from a professional photographer , this book will provide lots of information . it also provides valuable tips about controlling the dog . but for my taste , i found the photographic results to be uninspiring - too much posing , too much portraiture lighting , not enough of just plain capturing that wonderful dog as it is
9947: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my little boy who is 8 years old loves this movie . he goes around acting like the characters from the movie ! he really likes harold and keeps watching the movie over and over again hoping for a different ending . he is also convinced that they should make a midnight madness 2 and let harold win the next time ! this is a great movie , with a young michael j . fox in it , and has no sex or violence and is a very kid friendly movie
9949: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i would recommend the power of simplicity to everyone . this book goes far beyond a discussion of marketing strategy . the idea of simplicity is relevent to all aspects of life . this book is full of useful information and contraversial suggestions pertaining to marketing strategy . although the book is considered an educational read , i feel that it is extremily entertaining as well . it 's just an interesting book , it doesnt get much simpler than that
9950: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have not actually taken this underwater yet , but it appears to be well made and of similar quality to other cases . it keeps the over-all size of the camera / case down to a size that could fit into a bc pocket . on the downside , it does have only limited functionality of the camera through the available buttons . you can zoom and telephoto , change from camera , playback and to movie mode and shoot the picture . you cannot do any of the setup functions while it is in the case . regarding a stobe , sony makes one that looks a little cheezy . there is a " universal " strobe by sea life ( sl 960d ) that fits , but the fiber-optic trigger is just taped onto the flash of the camera . i 'm waiting to how this works . one replacement o-ring comes with the case-replacements from sony were outrageously expensive . color-correcting ( red ) lenses are about $100 from sony , but not needed if you use a strobe . ( unless maybe to shoot movies ? )
9961: real: neg ; predicted: pos
whomever decided on putting this box set together must have been smoking crack . since when did 8675309 / jenny become a classic rock hit ? are you kidding me....come on ! no hendrix , floyd , zeppelin . classic rock my arse
9962: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the case does not fit and the battery is incorrect for the dx759
9965: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i like guru because it has a more natural feeling towards your body . after drinking monster all day , my body felt like a mess ( from the many unnatural chemicals it does to your body ) . there are so many energy drinks out there that have loads of chemicals , its harder to find stuff like guru and bawls .
9966: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this accessory is very useful when taking group pictures with the photographer included
9971: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i only got about 2 hours of run time per charge out of this battery so i returned it for my money back and picked up a batterygeek universal dvd battery which is now giving me 7+ hours of run time per charge .
9974: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the perfect example of why black women and women in general are disrespected . lil kim is teaching generations of women to be nasty as you can be and to disrespect yourself . then to top all of this off she is still hanging on the coat tails of biggie , the ultra fantasy gangsta rapper . queen latifah never had to talk like this to get her name out or to make good music . this is ridiculous ! kim would be better off in a porn movie than in the rap game . please please please spare us and stop rapping
9975: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these diapers are the most awfulest things i think i ever bought for my baby . i received a lot of the " swaddler " size for my baby shower and i tried to use them for about 3 weeks before my pediatrician pinpointed it as the source of the relentless diaper rash my son had pretty much from birth . stopped using them and lo and behold , diaper rash gone . fast forward 3 months later when my son was hospitalized for a week and these were the only diapers the hospital supplied . figuring that my son was older , maybe they would n't do as much harm . wrong . the rash came back with a vengeance . i had to get diapers from home for the rest of the stay . i think it 's because they are lightly scented with green dye inside . definitely stay away if your child has sensitive skin
9977: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i got the hang on the 21% and all they could tell me at tech support is to shut down extra services . well the only services i had running was the security services ( firewall and antivirus ) . as an experiment i tried loading it on two computers set up identically . on one i shut down the antivirus and on the other i shut down the firewall . neither would install . so i shut down both on both computers and it installed perfectly on both . i cant believe that they want you to shut down security in order to install . makes me wonder. . " what are they hiding that they dont want me to know about " . i checked adaware and a registry cleaner and even ran my av again and found nothing but still.. . it makes you wonder . also the layout is very poor , so buggy they have many , many patches and updates . will not print forms correctly and want to charge you fees to e-file when it is free from the governments . they just want more money . in my opinion...do not waste your money on this crap . by the time you waste your money on getting this to work , you can get a professional to do it for you for less
9978: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have been using frontpage 2003 and decided that web expression web was the next stage in my website building hobby . it was easy to install , and i can still use frontpage 2003 on my existing websites . no need for frontpage extensions which will be a plus on one of the server hosts i use . also bought " using microsoft expression web " by jim cheshire . an excellent book . still have much to learn , but looks like fun
9980: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i notice with gratitude that symantec has removed many glitches from nav . installation is now faster and smoother . the program is running well in the background , updating itself and sending notifications of any attention it needs
9982: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i just received my brush ( es ) hair dryer yesterday 3 / 9 / 07 ... tried it out today - for 5 minutes ... i absolutely hate it . it 's the worst , by far , hair appliance i 've ever owned . i guess you get what you pay for ... but i 've owned revlon products in the past , and this was absolutely the biggest waste of money . i cannot return it , because the return cost would be too expensive , too much trouble , and i guess it will go in the dumpster . i hate it - do n't make the same mistake i made . one big problem is that the bristles are so lousy - not firm and does n't grip the hair . just take it from this written testimony - it 's a piece of junk
9985: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the first time ever i saw this group " amici forever " as they were singing " unchained melody " , i have confused that song like classical music . because , it was very familiar . actually , i did n't know exactly what 's that song that moment . finally , i knew that song is popular music i used to sing . so , laughed myself . it was brilliant and great performance i ever heared before . i bought dvd , too . and i recommended my friend and he also felt their singing like me . he said great and thanks to me
9991: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'd give this product zero stars if i could . i use the quickbooks online payment service with version 2004 , and last week it started telling me that they were discontinuing support for version 2004 with that online service , so they forced me to upgrade . so i bought the upgrade , and when i ran the installer it would n't accept my serial number . i spent forty minutes on the phone with tech support on a choppy line to india , and he still could n't get it to work . i finally gave up when the next step he proposed was to disable all of the services running on my computer . i had heard from others , including an accountant , that this version was bad but could n't believe it would really be this bad . i 'd used qb since the early-1990s and never really had a problem . but this is really , really bad . intuit needs to go back to the drawing board with this version . it 's a total lemon
9994: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it 's loud . you ca n't hear the lyrics nor the words . just a lot of loud noise . great if you want to damage your hearing
9995: real: pos ; predicted: neg
juice newton is one of the best counry-pop singers of all times . a great energetic voice and some real unforgettable songs . my personal favourites include the beautiful angel of the morning , the rollicking queen of hearts and the strong and sorrowful it 's a heartache after all these years , her work is unforgettable , catchy and full of energy and vibe
9997: real: neg ; predicted: pos
thought i 'd died and gone to heaven ; this lens was everything i wanted and more . three weeks after receiving it we went to the grand canyon , and on the way home it suddenly quit doing the focus - now it does a focus dance , clunking and whirring and never coming to rest anywhere close to focus . it 's not my d70 , which still works wth other lenses . this one 's going back to it 's maker ! if they fix it , i 'll revise this review
9999: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the mac version of turbotax premier , and i installed it on my mac with os 10.3.9. after doing my entire return , i clicked to e-file and received a message saying , " could not load attribute , " this error box gave me the options to continue ( which just took me back to the e-file page , which led me to the same error message ) or connect to intuit online support . the intuit support site said , " this error occurs when attempting to file electronically . if you are connecting through a router , try bypassing the router and filing again . if the error persists , it may be necessary to file by paper . we are currently working to resolve this error . . . . to be notified as soon as we have an answer , click here to sign up . " i do n't have the technical know-how to " bypass the router . " i also figured that if intuit had n't solved the problem by march 26 ( the day i was ready to submit my return ) , they probably were n't going to , even if i were willing to hold onto my return until i 'd received word they 'd solved the problem . so i ended up mailing in my return . if i 'd known up front that i would n't be able to e-file , i probably would n't bought the program .
10000: real: neg ; predicted: pos
they 're ok , but definately not as absorbent as the overnight diapers . my son soaks through if he urinates during the night
10007: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ok - let me preface my comments by justifying the 2-star rating...it 's rodney dangerfield - he was a class act . as for the cd : if you 're looking for a few songs by a comedian accompanied by someone 's cheesy clavinova , then this cd is for you . i bought this because of the last track , " rappin ' rodney " , and boy was i disappointed . it sounds like it was recorded from an old worn out cassette . do yourself a favor - get all of rodney 's dvd 's with his standup material and remember him for what he was - a comedy legend
10008: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i find the item in perfect shape and operates effectively thank you so much bimvik
10010: real: pos ; predicted: neg
la bamba ( 1987. ) the soundtrack to the ritchie valens biopic of the same name . introduction : in 1987 , the film la bamba , based on the life and times of fifties pop-rock star ritchie valens , was released . the film cast lou diamond phillips as the classic musician , and told his story , from his rise to fame , right down to his young and tragic death . for the film , los lobos , a fairly popular act of the day , was asked to rerecord classic valens material for the movie . some other moderately popular musicians who portrayed other musicians of the same era depicted in the film also provided recordings for the film . so , how is the soundtrack ? read on , and find out ! overview : the la bamba soundtrack was released in 1987 , around the same time as the film of the same name . contributors to the soundtrack include los lobos , howard huntsberry , marshall crenshaw , brian setzer , and bo diddley . the a-side of the soundtrack sonsists of the los lobos covers of the ritchie valens songs la bamba , come on lets go , ooh my head , we belong together , framed , and donna . the b-side consists of the other artists ' covers , which include howard huntsberry 's cover of jackie wilson 's lonely teardrops , marshall crenshaw 's cover of buddy holly 's crying waiting hoping , brian setzer 's cover of eddie cochran 's summertime blues , bo diddley 's remake of his own classic tune who do you love , and the two songs los lobos recorded for the film which were not remakes , charlena and goodnight my love . review : awesome movie , awesome soundtrack . i 'm a huge fan of the music of ritchie valens , and for the most part , la bamba proved to be an efficient and entertaining retelling of the valens saga . aside from some omitted material ( which i 'll get to later ) , the soundtrack is every bit as good as the film it represents . read on for my reviews of the tracks . -side a - -la bamba by los lobos : los lobos covers the track that took ritchie valens to the top of the musical world . being a folk song , no one ever thought a rock and roll version would do well - valens proved the non-believers wrong ! los lobos does a great cover of it , too . the band actually did two versions of the song for the movie - a rendition of the slower , folksier version by the bar band that convinced valens to cover the song himself , as well as the classic version valens did . this is the classic valens version . i wish they had included both versions of the soundtrack , though ( although an instrumental sequence near the end of this version does reprise elements of the folk-type version . still , i wanted both versions as complete , separate tracks ! ) -come on lets go by los lobos : this classic rockabilly-style cut was another huge hit for ritchie valens . los lobos creates a fine rendition of the classic cut , staying true to the valens original while at the same time adding their own spin onto things . all in all , another great song . -ooh my head by los lobos : not much to say about this one . once again , los lobos manages to create an excellent version of one of the many classic valens tunes people know and love him for . every song on this soundtrack is excellent , and this one is no exception . -we belong together by los lobos : ah , the classic valens love song . although its success was pretty much ousted by the better known ballad donna , this one was still a fairly notable hit for valens . the los lobos take on the ballad is a damn good one - but i should n't have to tell you that , now should i ? -framed by los lobos : of all of the ritchie valens song that los lobos revisited in la bamba , this one is the least well known . that 's a shame , because it 's a great song ! the song takes a classic blues styling , and puts a rockabilly spin on it . once again , los lobos does a marvelous cover version of the song . -donna by los lobos : this song was so big a hit for ritchie valens initially , that his only song even on the same plane of popularity is la bamba . the classic ode valens wrote to his high school girlfriend proved to be the stuff that has withstood the test of time . and i know you 're probably getting tired of me saying this for every song , but los lobos really does a good job on here . -side b - -lonely teardrops by howard huntsberry : in la bamba , howard huntsberry portrayed the classic soul singer jackie wilson . and here , huntsberry reprises wilson 's signature tune . this is classic soul at its very best . prior to seeing la bamba , i had never even heard of huntsberry . but the real shocker is that i ended up liking this version of the song more than the original ! definitely a solid , underrated cut . -crying waiting hoping by marshall crenshaw : marshall crenshaw , a fairly popular eighties pop signer , managed to land the role of buddy holly in la bamba . holly , of course , was killed in the same plane crash that claimed the life of ritchie valens . buddy holly is a tough guy to cover , but marshall crenshaw does a damn good job of it . i personally prefer this version over holly 's original ( and that 's saying a lot since i love buddy holly ! ) if you 're interested in hearing crenshaw cover another holly tune , check out the remastered version of his 1982 self-titled debut - he covers rave on on there as a bonus track . -summertime blues by brian setzer : long before brian setzer gained any real fame , he played eddie cochran in la bamba , covering the song that made that man a rockabilly legend . here 's another one of those covers that is so good , i like it more than the original . definitely worthwhile listening - but then again , is n't every song on here ? -who do you love by bo diddley : bo diddley himself did this song originally so very long ago , and was asked to rerecord it for la bamba . he did , and the end results are solid . diddley is a legend of the blues , and this recording is just a small sample of why so many people feel that way . it just a shame that the version of this song most people remember is the george thorogood one , because diddley 's version is the song the way it was meant to be heard . -charlena by los lobos : in addition to the ritchie valens covers , los lobos recorded two new songs for the la bamba soundtrack . this is the first of the two . essentially , this here is a neo-rockabilly track of sorts , and a damn good one too . long after the fifties music scene died out , los lobos still managed to record a song that suited the style perfectly . -goodnight my love by los lobos : here 's the second of the newly-recorded los lobos songs done for the soundtrack . what we have here is one of those classic fifties-style rock ballads that were so popular back then . if you 're into that sort of thing , you 're going to love this song - i know i do ! -other comments - omissions are the biggest problem with this soundtrack , by far . as i previously stated , only one version of la bamba is on here - not both versions from the film . another omission is sleepwalk , the classic santo and johnny instrumental that shows up frequently in the film . its omission is likely due to the fact that it was n't recorded just for the film , but still , i miss it . and then there 's the issue of rip it up , the classic ritchie valens rockabilly tune he first plays with his band in their garage , early on in the film . this was one of my favorite songs in the film , and i was devastated not to see it on here . and where 's the big bopper 's chantilly lace ? i rated this soundtrack four stars instead of five because of omissions . if these songs had been on here , it would be five stars all the way . overall : overall , despite my issues with the omitted songs , i am very satisfied with the la bamba soundtrack . much like the movie , it 's an excellent experience all the way through . if you liked the movie , or you 're just into this sort of music , the soundtrack is well worth owning . highly recommended ! edition notes : this soundtrack is becoming increasingly more difficult to find on compact disc , implying it may be very gradually going out of print . take my advice - if you want it , just buy it online . it 's the fastest , easiest way to get it .
10011: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i wonder if jance wrote this just to get a movie credit based on her novel . one cannot help but be suspicious of writers who shift gears in their careers and write in a tom clancy or john d . macdonald style just because that 's what film-going audiences like . i do not think this is a bad thing , but i , like some of the reviewers here , are so fed up with clich plots that just borrow from i.e. , macdonald 's & quot ; cape fear , & quot ; or use that tired native american romanticism that certainly sells the box office tickets through the roof . as for her writing style , she really should stay away from those scenes where character developments have not fully grown . what we 're left with are people who are one dimensional like both the walker parents , davy , his fiancee , and to some extent , lani , who just never convinced me that she had the fire of the budding medicine woman . her male voice is very forced machismo that is typical of female writers who are testosterone-challenged . the men in this novel just were n't credible when they spoke . i kept seeing jance speaking for them . so we 're left with a high-concept piece that is still waiting for hollywood to call and possibly star penelope cruz as lani walker . what 's the tohono o'otham word for & quot ; 2 thumbs down ? & quot
10012: real: neg ; predicted: pos
presumably the label is trying to cater to mid-range fans who have a prince album or two but do n't want to buy them all and who want more than a single disc hits collection . the way this is laid out though is confusing at best : disc 1 seems to be for the mid-range fan and it makes sense that they would choose the single edits though some of those chosen are questionable . ( " my name is prince " ? his take on " nothing compares 2 u " when sinead o'connor 's is definitive ? ) disc 2 compiles 12 " mixes and remixes and similar rarities..i.e . for the diehard only who has to have every little bleat his purpleness every records . bottom line : this is haphazardly thrown together . middle range fans are better off with the hits / the b-sides which compiles his biggest chart stuff with a pretty decent selection of interesting flip side material ( some of which equals his singles )
10015: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when this show was on back in the day on fox i couldnt believe i was actually watching something i could relate to . there doesnt seem to be really that many tv shows that deal with dark and the real life experinces of real people . if ya ask me when it was on . it was actually something that gave me some relief . i deal everyday with some experinces re-lated to the show . its somewhat of a constant battle . enough about me . im really glad all 3 seasons are out . and im also glad i didnt have to wait many years either . one thing i didnt like about fox when titus was on they kept moveing it around . it wasnt fair for the show . then the next thing ya know there were some repeats then it was gone . im not really happy with fox cause titus still should be on tv or had a much longer run then it did . i hope chris shows up in something else soon . hes got one of those faces ya never forget
10018: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i wanted a cordless shaver because at my age ( 49 ) i need my glasses on to see the hairs i 'm shaving , and that does n't work well in the shower ! this braun is a good buy , easy to use , and works well if you follow the directions and shave slowly . it 's not as close or smooth as a blade and shaving gel , but it 's quicker and less mess , so i think it 's a good trade-off .
10019: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it is bad ! as much as i like " 10 new songs " , this one disappointed me a lot .
10021: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the only reason susan mccrook would n't talk was she was afraid she 'd end up taking an adn ( arkansas dirt nap ) . case closed
10027: real: neg ; predicted: pos
dennis leary is hailed as some great angry young man who is trying to bring the world to rights . personally i prefer bill hicks . at least when bill did it he was being original ! ! ! ! ! ! ! dennis leary has in my opinion nicked bill hicks act in a similar way to how i feel about joss stone compared to proper soul artists . sitting in front of a few live videos of a great man and taking notes does not mean you will ever be one dennis ! definately a must have for anyone who enjoys covers bands...stick to the acting dennis
10032: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i used this cream for three weeks , two times a day and it did make some part of my circles lighter - from brown it went to pink . but i skipped one day and it all went back . you pretty much have to be tied to it and keep using it two times a day
10033: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i could not force myself to watch this film in its entirety . i think i made it about 45 minutes in . despite many fine actors , esp . the always interesting jeff bridges , who brings a layered sadness to many of his roles , i simply could not connect and did not care about these people . it was this huge budget american movie shorthand : we 're supposed to care because we 've been given a snippit of a scene that reminds us of something else , but it just does n't work for me . if i do n't care this far into the movie , it just wo n't happen . visually beautiful , and sky high production values on costumes and sets , it is wasted in these disjointed storytelling . whoever cast the extras has wonderful faces , which the cinematographer and editor took full advantage of , but why do n't we get faces like that in the major characters . of course chris cooper has that kind of face , but many others ( esp . all the " size 2 women " in the supporting roles ) seem to have stepped out of a commercial . the chicago tribune called this film " sleek and beautiful . " i will completely agree with that , but so are music videos . i kept asking myself , what is wrong , what is misfiring ? i really wanted to like it . some of it is the short-hand story telling , but the look was almost too pretty . when the cinematography is this gorgeous , you want and need to linger on something smaller and deeper , or really take all the time you need to connect with something bigger -a mini-series . ultimately , i began wondering if the original length was much longer , and it was cut down so much that it became fractured , and if that is the case , my apologies to the director . this is the kind of film that makes me ponder , what is it that european film-makers " get " that we lose in our big budget studio films ? is the system itself hurting some films , by sanitizing and conforming them , when they need to stick out like an unruly horse 's nose at the starting gate ? very beautiful , but no connection , and not satisfying.. . well , that 's a lot of things in hollywood in a nutshell , is n't it ? there are lots of special features on this dvd , but if i ca n't sit through the film , i do n't care about the extras . so glad i borrowed this instead of buying it ! i hear the book is something wonderful.. .
10035: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the sort of book for paranoid people addicted to conspiracy theories . they would rather believe a fanciful lie than the mundane truth . though i do n't agree with most of what 's written in this book , i do n't regret buying it . it teaches me how to con ignorant people with high tech jargon and conspiracy theories . if people believe that amalgams or metal restorations are the cause of their headaches , fatigue or whatever symptoms , then removing them will definitely cure them . that 's how faith healing works . the only reason why i do n't use amalgam in my practice is because i do cosmetic dentistry . if the patient does not mind the colour , amalgam is definitely a superior direct filling material for class 2 and subgingival preps . i have absolutely no qualms about having that done for myself . toxicity ? sure , some people are affected by amalgams and anything can be toxic to somebody , but let 's not forget that these cases are extremely rare ( perhaps less than 10 on this planet and most of them would be chinese ) . there are literally thousands of tests and studies establishing amalgams as safe filling materials over the last 100 years . there are numerous studies that show how safe amalgams are . if dr breiner has been to asia where we have much healthier diets and lifestyles , he may notice that we also have many healthy 70 to 90-year-old asian men and women who have gold and amalgam-filled teeth in their mouths . are composites totally safe ? the incidence of allergic reactions to composites ( very low ) is higher than that of amalgam toxicity . this is something the author failed to inform us . all his anecdotal evidence are almost laughable as they are not supported by independent studies and sceptical parties . not one case he mentioned can be conclusively attributed to amalgam . mercury can be very toxic , but after tituration and amalgamation , the metal remains in the solid state and is not absorbed by the body . it 's different from inhaling mercury vapour daily , injecting or ingesting mercury or mercuric compounds . at the end of the day , propagating such beliefs will only spark panic , paranoia and various psychosomatic " illnesses " . following breiner 's protocols for " detox " , patients will only be paying a fortune for otherwise very simple dental work . gosh , with so many gullible patients in america , i should probably move my practice to america and start doing amalgam detox instead of honing my skills for cutting crowns , bridges and sinking implants
10036: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm sorry , the above web address is incorrect . to get to the web page , type http : / / wolfsrain.animechains.net in your address bar . and again , do not type www in front of it . thank you
10040: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a quality photography book that visually recounts pertinent steps in the history of noir photography and more specifically , the creation of the term noir as it pertains to film and photography in the 20th c . in new york city . a breath of realism , history and fact that beautifully illustrates a fine curatorial example of the kinds of images published by the daily news that made this paper a forerunner in the telling of real stories suffered and celebrated by real people . william hannigan is to be commended for his fine selection of photographic and negative samples of a time not long past and still very alive in the movies and crime documents that inspire and fascinate us today . a necessary addition to any photo library of value
10042: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a perfect office suite for those who do n't need all the new stuff that is available in office 2007. outlook appears to be working great without some of the hang-ups in earlier additions . probably more stuff in here than most people need , but it is easy to use and has some great enhancements
10043: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i luv this burberry . pple always comment anytime i wear it . my girlfriend almost made me stop wearing it cos she said anytime i wear it she feels like doing things i ca n't mention here 2 me , and since she feels tht way , other women will certainly feel like tht . i 'm getting another one ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! also fast and proper services by amazon
10044: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have purchased both the home & gardens interior and the punch interior software . home & gardens is much easier to use . you can really start without reading much of the manual . punch demands that you read the manual ( 342 pages ) . it is not intuative . but punch can do so much more and has so much more creativity . ie : punch has a library of trees , shrubs and flowers for your yard . home & gardens only have potted plants , nothing you can use to landscape . punch also allows you to make custom doors or windows to your exact specifications . h&g doesn't . you have to choose a set style of door or window and change options.i also could place digital photos of my backyard behind my " house " on punch to make it more realisitic . i like both software programs , but punch has more options , but you have to do your homework first
10046: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this program with the intention of entering a bunch of typewritten pages into my computer . the document that this program produced from newly typed material was so full of errors that i simply had to re-type . it would have taken longer to correct than to re-type . when i talked to textbridge about these problems all they would tell me is that the program was not meant for such use and that i should buy one of their other programs which had good optical character recognition capabilities . in other words , they know the product is not any good and they are not willing to stand behind it . the program is useless for optical character recognition work or anything else
10047: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after a very disappointing viewing of harry 's only you concert dvd , i got smart and borrowed only you cd from the library . i 'd hoped that concert was just one off . how sad , this cd is no better than that wretched concert . slooooooooooooooow from the start to finish . and what happened to harry 's voice and phrasing ? god , unbearable . when harry met sally , come by me , what happened to you , harry
10048: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this album iz off da freakin chain ! ! ! ! ! great music and grace slick iz the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a must have ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
10049: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i went from taking the camera out of its packing to taking professional quality pictures in twenty minutes . it 's amazing
10055: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if shakespeare could come back to life and see what they made with his play " othello " , he would remove heaven and earth crying out for justice . be an actor in a play of shakespeare it 's difficult and only the best ones can do it , not mediocre actors with face of children . what 's martin sheen doing here ? he should be in better movies and in this trash , if you want a good " othello " adaptation , get the movie with kenneth brannag and laurence fishburne , are good actors and a better movie
10058: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have a powerbook , an imac , and an emac at home that are used in different ways . the kids use the emac for school work , and my wife & i use the other 2 macs for home business . although most school work was required in ms-powerpoint or ms-word , exporting from iwork ' 06 pages and keynote was very simple to do with 90-95% accuracy . our kids said they just do minor editing at school before submitting the work . for home business , we use pages to do our proposals , bills , and receipts . and use keynote for presentations . one thing that i thought was amazing , is the fact that i can display the notes and the succeeding slide on my powerbook , while projecting just the current slide for the customer to see . for the price of the family pack , we were licensed to use iwork ' 06 on 5 macs on the same network . the cost fitted our budget perfectly . the only thing i wish was available in keynote was timed transition ( example : after 3 seconds show bullet#1 , after 5 seconds show bullet#2 , after 2 seconds show the chart
10059: real: neg ; predicted: pos
bought the 3pack for home use . installed it on two pc 's and then had defective a defective new pc that it was installed on and removed . now , it wo n't let me activate on the new computer - their system is flawed ! ! ! ! they want me to mail in original invoice , unlock code and disk and then they 'll see what they want to do . this will all take at least 2 to 3 weeks , in the meantime there is no protection on this computer . haaaaa ! they really need to have a specific code for each activation so that it updates to the active computer it is being used on - they really could figure this out . they 're taking the easy way out and getting more $$$ in the process . this combined with all other slow down issues , i 'm switching to zone suite , as i 've used zone alarm for years and it is great . best of luck
10060: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this classic chronicle of presidential campaigns , from the get-go to contemporary times , has the unusual virtue of being useful either as a collection of short readable chapters - each just the right size for a daily bus or train ride - or as a reference source . reading this in the wake of monicagate and the florida recount , it 's instructive to read the history of grover cleveland , who seems to have features of both past democratic candidates . like clinton , he had his scandals - fathering an illegitimate child . like gore , his career was rudely interrupted by an election which he won on popular votes but lost , in a hotly contested , knife-edge electoral college tally
10061: real: pos ; predicted: neg
all there products are great ! they smell good and are good . lathering is a more work but thats because they 're natural . i use them on my babies and toddlers
10062: real: neg ; predicted: pos
therese , lux , mary , bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls , ages 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17. cecilia , the youngest , lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors . as a cry for help , she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub , she survived the incident . after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr. and mrs. lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age , mr. and mrs. lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party . some of the neighborhood 's boys are invited over and while the party is in session , cecilia is pretty inanimate , sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt , talk and laugh . midway through the party , cecilia asks to be excused and mrs. lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it . cecilia goes up to her room ( on the second floor of a two-story house ) and jumps out the window , landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house . in this way , cecilia lisbon commited suicide . only four girls remain . the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed . the father saw her immediately , the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum . four of the lisbon 's neighbors , four young boys , suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls , who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world . they got hold of cecilia 's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide . the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer , and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window , she thought she would fly . with their youngest sister gone , the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other , stranding themselves further from the outside world . when school starts again , they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened , not ever mentioning their youngest sister . the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however . the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word " death " and the like . trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school , the object of desire to all of the girls at school.. . except for the lisbon girls , which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux . trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty . in the beginning , he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she 's not interested . but after his consistent courtship , lux falls for his charming ways . trip then attempts to convince mr. lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming . after mr. lisbon talks to his wife , he agrees to trip 's request , knowing nothing but trip 's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions , on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew . after trip explains the situation to his football peers , he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely . meanwhile , the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance . though one pattern is used for all four dresses , each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail . once they pick up the girls , they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke , lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke . they then drive to the dance . trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol . another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow , but leave soon afterwards , not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux . at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew , they are all there.. . except for trip and lux , who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field . deciding they must make their own curfews , therese , bonnie , mary and their dates leave without them . after fooling around , the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium . trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone . when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there . she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick ( of course ) . but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence . the girls , in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world , begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives . one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls . soon following , the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone . one day , the girls invite the boys to come over once mr. and mrs. lisbon are asleep . the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere , the boys hastily agree . they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car . the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese , bonnie and mary , verbally expressing their hopes for the night . but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters . she had hung herself . the boys , scared to death , run all the way home . time passed , things changed , girls came and went.. . but no matter what , those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides . ultimately , the movie was nothing short of queer . when trying to sum up the story in a few lines ( such as " follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors . a story full of obsession , gossip , lust , love , desire and isolation . " ) the story sounds quite unique and intriguing , but the story fell short of that for me personally . partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation . the movie , in places , is also extremely flawed . i do not believe mr. and mrs. lisbon could 've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services . in many parts of the movie , they should 've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences . the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored . i would only suggest this film to , perhaps , people who like movies such as " elizabethtown " which kirsten dunst is also in . but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
10063: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this pitcher is designed so that when you try to empty it - - pour out all the water - - the filter comes crashing out ! it 's top-heavy . i much prefer my dispenser that lives in the fridge . it may be clumsy to refill - - which is why i thought i 'd try a pitcher - - but it 's extremely easy to use
10064: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the bars look like mudpies , are very dry , and all three " flavors " taste the same , meaning that they do n't have much flavor at all . i much prefer certain flavors of balance bars . the only good thing about these clif bars is that i do n't get hungry for several hours after eating one
10069: real: neg ; predicted: pos
holly played by kristen miller ( she spies , man of the year ) has a nice career as a journalist with her friend played by brooke burns ( baywatch , death of the supermodels ) . the 2 of them fight over the owner of a restaurant named zucas ( i think thats close enough ) runned by actor tod babcock ( guard dogs , poor white trash ) . when holly gets pissed off at her friend because she slept with mr. babcock she tries to find a new place to live and low and behold she finds a new shy roommate tess , played by allison lange ( the hillside strangler , roswell ) . holly becomes close to tess and they seem to hit it off real well , until holly finds out some things about tess that makes her think that maybe this wasnt such a good idea . well , in 1992 , jennifer jason leigh did this to bridget fonda and now they make a sequel about it , wow , they must of went threw tons of scripts just to get to this one . pretty much the young girls on screen are eye candy and the acting is pretty bad plus the twists and thrills arent that great . this can go down with basic instinct 2....in the trash can or the skeet shoot , one of the two . also starring francois giroday ( carpool guy , framed ) , tracey mccall ( not another teen movie , second degree ) , rif hutton ( osmosis jones , halfway decent ) and kyme ( school daze , geppetto ) .
10075: real: neg ; predicted: pos
why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .
10077: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this product is great at exfoliating , not so great at hair removal . your skin will be silky smooth , but still have hair . the hair that is removed does n't stay gone long . and it 's tricky to maneuver into the curvier parts of your body . it will definitely have to be used in conjunction with another product .
10080: real: neg ; predicted: pos
looking at the liner photos makes clear that falkner is the prettiest thing this side of n sync ( and does n't he know it , especially in the shot of him being served what appears to be a large dose of johnnie walker black by a leggy bunny flight attendant ) . which raises the question : is this the recond a boy band member would turn out if he got the idea he was an artist ? not to put too fine an edge on it , let 's say bluntly that this is a vanity project by a middling talent . falkner does everything on the cd and my reaction is so what ? his voice is mediocre ; his lyrics are banal ( & quot ; life can be just like a painting full of wonderful strangeness&quot ; ) or precious ( & quot ; suspended on this stage of grace i have to remember this sound&quot ; ) ; the layers of sound he tracks down are just that - - layers of sound , with a disspiriting sameness song after song . give him two stars simply because he can do all the stuff on the record , but this guy needs to become a whole lot less full of himself and to spend a year or two listening to , say , chrissie hynde and john hiatt cds . we 'll let him come back then and try to write and play some adult love songs
10081: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the lawsuit mentioned in mr john matlock " gunny " review has nothing to do with the quality or legality of documents created using quicken willmaker plus software . instead , it concerns the actions of an insurance agent who was found to have practiced law without a license . he used will-making software ( not quicken willmaker plus ) to write a will for an elderly client . the trouble arose because he created the will outside of her presence and arranged for her to sign it while she was hospitalized . apparently she never reviewed the will . in other words , he acted too much like a lawyer . while the " unauthorized practice of law " is a vague concept , had the insurance agent merely recorded the woman 's wishes and entered them verbatim into the software , there would almost certainly have been no problem . there is no problem with using software to prepare a will for your self . nor is there a problem with using it to create a will for someone else if you merely type in that person 's answers at their direction . the main way to run afoul of unauthorized-practice-of-law rules is to give legal advice to or prepare documents for others without their express , detailed instructions .
10082: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this classic novel on cd thinking it would hold the interest of my 2 grade school boys , who enjoy books on cd while driving to and from school . they did not like the narrator 's snobby french accent nor could they understand many of the words . this is a great cd for high school or adults but not children . a bust for us .
10083: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the toothbrush is great , feels like you just came from the dentist and had your teeth cleaned
10085: real: pos ; predicted: neg
del spits brilliant lyrics and produces excellently.. . the beats of songs merge together as tracks change.. . el-p makes a cameo.. . casual makes a cameo.. . prince paul produces a track.. . get this album
10089: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great collection of the many " atom bomb " songs that are in movies such as " atomic cafe " , dr. strangelove , and other films of the genre . i highly recommend this to anyone who collects " bomb " memorabilia
10091: real: neg ; predicted: pos
not particularly musical ; only 1 good track ( blues for miles ) ..
10092: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've been wearing glasses for almost 25 years now . its been difficult to find a decent way to clean glasses that does n't either streak or damage the lenses - - especially with ar and other coatings they put on glasses these days . the sharper image eyeglass cleaner does the trick . it also , by design , cleans your frames which is a plus . i would have given 4.5 stars due to the size of polishing cloth they supply . its sufficient for only cleaning one pair of glasses . i have two pair ( regular and sunglasses ) so no real fault there . i recommend getting a 3m microfiber cleaning cloth as an alternative to what is supplied
10093: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am finding that it is not so diffucult to navigate my way around the new programs of excel , word etc. opening up files - it tends to be a bit sluggish . on the plus side i found word 2007 seems to do a much better job of lining up indents . in word 2003 our indents were sometimes off by a half space which bothered us .
10094: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it puts out a cloud of water vapor and it 's not all that noisy but i had no idea i 'd be spending so much time each day taking the humidifier apart , wiping it down , trying to insert my hand inside the tank to wipe that down , refilling the tank twice a day , and wondering why this humidifier does n't have an automatic shuftoff in case i forget to turn it off . at least the filters and cleaning cartidges are easy to find . however , this is too much like an unwanted hobby so i 'll be looking for another way to raise the relative humidity in my room
10095: real: neg ; predicted: pos
let me tell you , shayne ward is just one of those pop singers who only go by looks , if he looked like shrek he would not be anywhere today , face it girls your only buying this because you fancy him . look at justin timberlake , where is he today , they go and move on , and thats what shayne will do except alot faster . this song is so rubbish , the thing i hate so much is that he did n't even write this ! so its not his own material , and let me take you in on a little secret he does not care about this song , its not like these lyrics mean anything to him , as he did not write . and on " no promises " thats even worse than this , yes he might of wrote it i do n't know , but does the song have depth , or is it just a plain old expected pop song . by the way it 's the second one . shayne ward has no protential , neather does anyone who comes of x factor , its all just one big [...
10097: real: neg ; predicted: pos
chris bohjalian is a gifted stylist , and it pains me to give this book such a low mark . it 's hard to say much without giving away the plot , but i found the plot contrived and manipulative - - too clever for its own good . the book started strong , but as the main character became more disassociated with reality , i became more disassociated with the book . i finished it , but it was a struggle
10099: real: neg ; predicted: pos
owned for 2.5 years . finaly broken . " the conair often feels as if it is pulling your hair rather than cut it " - totaly agree
10100: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i think india is one of the most talented artists today . her voice is sensational . sadly , as with many great artists today , this album feels more producer / market-driven rather than artist-driven . i understand that regaetton is popular right now . i would even understand including a few reggaeton-flavored songs to " keep up with the times " ( shakira 's " la tortura " comes to mind ) . but who mixes two genres within a single song ? ! ? " soy differente " flows perfectly as a salsa , until regaetton beats come in . the style feels very out-of-place in this song , as in most other songs in this album . maybe this kind of thing will work at a club , but not for extended listening . in my opinion , the producers are making this album more marketable while stiffling india 's own style . i hope she will regain contol by the next album
10102: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was 2pac 's last good album before he joined deathrow.he was a good rapper but never the best , he started too much beef with other rappers for no reason.he had alot of beef with east coast rappers like biggie , nas , jay-z and mobb deep , but he never opened his mouth about wu-tang because they would lyrically destroy him.this is one of the best albums from 95 right behind gza 's liquid swords and mobb deep 's the infamous
10104: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this scale for my wife ( ya , i 'm that sort of guy ) ! she 's definitely not heavy , but ' concerned ' and a follower of weight watchers . i was shocked to read various scale reviews prior to purchasing this one and find so many that did not weigh accurately ! well , this one was highly rated by most reviewers for accuracy & they are right . this scale is very accurate in determing a person 's mass ( sorry , i was a physics major too ) and confirmed at her weight watchers ' weighings . as for it 's accurate determination of " body fat " and " water " , i ca n't say , but feel these are a bit gimicry anyway . as for my wife , she loves the scale & me . although , her love for me covers over many poorly chosen gifts , so i 'm not absolutely sure about her love for the scale . however , i do know she uses it ever day and enjoys telling me of her victories
10106: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this item is advertised as boufant and oversized . it is anything but... . the shower cap is so tiny , it would fit on a grapefruit.this kind of false advertising is what discourages us from ordering on line
10110: real: neg ; predicted: pos
- -as i found it to be really much too fake-lemony , not unlike the stuff you smell in car dealership service bathrooms . i mixed mine w / a subtle " cookie " -type one i coud n't smell at all & now can smell neither , even when i put them in closets , which was not the idea- -i like a little fragrance thru the house . may look for something like cinnamon or sandalwood
10114: real: pos ; predicted: neg
first of all , let me say this product is great in almost every way . so if you need to feel better about your nose and / or throat , go for it . my main complain about the grossan hydro pulse is that it is noticeably expensive . some time ago , grossan was making just his own irrigator tip matching it to a waterpik machine that cost a half the price of the hydro pulse . but then , grossan decided to produce his own machine and , if i 'm right , viajet is making it for him . viajet sells the same machine , except for the grossan tip , at about -again - a half the price of the hydro pulse . the breathe-ease solution that you might use along with the irrigator is also expensive ( i have check this comparing it with a simillar product that can be purchased in my country ) . so what makes the hydro pulse so expensive ? maybe health is a business , after all . other than that , like i have said , this product is great for almost any respiratory problem . i used to irrigate my nose with a similar solution that comes in a 135 ml bottle , and is intended to use it over 50 times . the hydro pulse lets you do a 500 ml clean everytime , so you get the idea . also , if you are suffering respiratory problems and want to chek an interesting drug-free treatment , look for the buteyko method
10116: real: neg ; predicted: pos
in installed this product on a dell optiplex gx110 ( admittedly not the latest , but still a very standard machine ) running windows 2000 with 512mb of memory . in spite of spending literally hours with the software i was unable to get it to produce an outline or dimensioning of a wall being drawn by dragging the mouse , as clearly illustrated in the accompanying video . without this feature it is virtually impossible to efficienctly produce exterior or interior walls . multiple emails to broderbund have produced autoreplies suggesting that i refer to their website for help . this site is essentially worthless for all but the most fundamental problems ( like not being able to read the install cd ) . it would also appear that this product is picky about the hardware it supports and also the version of driver . be prepared for possible frustrations with this product , with little support from the manufacturer . i cannot report on other features of the software because i was never able to produce even the walls of a structure
10124: real: pos ; predicted: neg
joe bonamassa is a blue / rock musical phenomenon that is awe-inspiring to anyone who will take the time to listen to his music . in his musical style / class , i would count him the second greatest musician on the planet - with walter trout weighing in first place . as you can easily see from all of the other reviews , i believe that you will find this cd well worth purchasing - as i have found all his material is . ( after purchasing this item , i eventually went on to purchase everything he produced and have n't been disappointed . ) as with any cd , you may not like all the selections but i believe the vast majority of his material you will . among my favorites on this cd are : ` pack it up ' , ` you upset me baby ' , and ` man of many words' . bonamassa is an extraordinary adept and versatile musician . since he is young and gifted , we can expect many more superb cd 's in the future . highly recommended
10126: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" venom " is one of those movies i thought i would hate because i heard so much negativity about it but i really enjoyed it , being a fan of the 70 's and 80 's slashers i crave newer versions because i have seen all the other ones over and over again . venom did not disappoint me . it starts off with action and never lets up.i found it to be one of my favorite new horror / slasher flicks , the voodoo angle was good but not overplayed , i 'm simple in that i want to see a killer with an axe , machete butcher knife etc not a bunch of supernatural mumbo jumbo..i do n't want to have to wonder " was that a dream or was it real~ ! ! " as so many movies these days play off of . give me an old fashioned slice and dice and i 'm in heaven.and venom gave me that , so i hope to see venom 2 , if so , i 'm there ( for the record , mr jangles used the hook & chain before kane in see no evil.. . ) ..
10127: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the dead were primarily a live road band , but on this and the other great album from 1970 ( american beauty ) the band proved their mettle in the studio , moving into less spacey territory . the music reflects their range , from country and bluegrass to folk , blues and rock . superb . ps . their early studio effortsanthem.. . , aoxomoxoa ) were also noteworthy experiments , but the music was n't as powerful as the live interpretations
10129: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i thought it was me until i read several other reviews of predator . ms. cornwell can do so much better than this disjointed mess . if she 's going to continue the scarpetta series , she needs to get back on track , creating characters that we care about . i finished this book as quickly as possible just to get it behind me . what a disappointment
10131: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i first installed the program i was able to access the images , but since that first time i haven't . my operating system is xp and i do n't know if that is the problem with the software . i have since then uninstalled it . i did not think this product was very easy to use
10133: real: neg ; predicted: pos
first of all , the many samples i viewed in browsing this software are the same object just turned different angles . there are far fewer images than the number touted . this is a scam in my opinion , but a situation i could live with . but the major issue is that most of the photo images i have searched for my actual use have very poor , actually totally unusable resolution . they have corrupted clarity , poor pixel quality , are distorted , and unsuitable except for perhaps , a third grader 's school project . it was a complete waste of money . it is headed for the first garage sale i hold , and i will offer it for 50 cents with a non-return policy .
10138: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first novel written by stephenson , and it 's a satire on college dorm life . pointless , rambling , and bizarre . it 's a good thing he 's improved his writing over the years , as this one stunk
10139: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my grandfather found a vial of old spice in his navy kit when he joined in 1943. he continued using it after the war and my father picked it up when he himself came of age . i began shaving about ten years ago and choice was obvious : old spice is conservative and masculine , distinct and time-honored . it 's not a trend ; it 's a statement of manhood . if proctor & amp ; gamble obliges , my own grandkids will be using it
10140: real: neg ; predicted: pos
alyssa milano 's mother ( who is also her manager ) has made a crusade of tracking down nudie pics of her daughter on the internet . she 's denounced such websites ' " exploitation " on national tv , and has even developed a side business as a cybercop , lending her web-busting skills to other stars . milano 's mother / manager could have saved herself the trouble had she instead steered her daughter away from doing this film . embrace of the vampire is softcore horror porn , and the source for many of those milano skin pics . after tv 's who 's the boss was canceled ( but before charmed returned milano to star status ) milano was just another unemployed former child actress , so maybe this porn film seemed like a good career move at the time . milano has stated in interviews that she wanted to demonstrate that she was not the goody-two-shoes girl she 'd played in who 's the boss . in other words , she wanted to " grow " as an actress . so she did embrace of the vampire , in which she goes topless in several scenes , engages in a lesbian romp with charlotte lewis , and participates in orgies with characters tonguing various parts of her nude body . mission accomplished . actually , embrace of the vampire uses milano 's virginal image from who 's the boss by casting her as ... a virgin . a virgin whose boobs are straining against her too-tight blouse and who undresses before her boyfriend ( albeit asking him not to look ) , but still , a virgin . a virgin who dreams of orgies and fondles lesbians and does n't know why . here 's why : milano is the reincarnation of martin kemp 's true love . some 300 years ago , a pack of scantily clad vampresses turned kemp into a vampire during a blood orgy . now that he 's rediscovered milano , he has three nights to rekindle her love for him . if so , they will live forever as vampires . if not , he dies and loses her forever . why the sudden three-night deadline ? why not . the plot and motivations are paper thin , as is typical of porn . milano wanders around campus , wondering why she 's having so many sexual dreams , even daydreams . her boyfriend wanders about , wondering if she 's so pure . kemp wanders about , seen by milano but often not by others . lewis wanders about for some bisexual action . other collegiates wander about their parties and campus back alleys for some hetero action . amid all this wandering there 's much carnal action , and more carnal dreaming . occasionally , kemp kills someone for dissing milano . john stanley ( in his creature features movie guide ) correctly refers to it as a " meandering , almost formless script . " kemp has the best lines . like many vampires , he agonizes and suffers a hyper-romantic vampire angst over a lost love . his appearance is a touch effeminate ( too much eyeliner ) , but it lends an appropriate sinister element to his character . he is part romantic vampire , part bloodthirsty beast . lewis 's small part is pointless to the " story . " all that 's required is that she undress , and when she does , it was worth the wait . rachel true ( the craft ) has an even smaller role , the fate of all the characters who keep their clothes on . all of the above three are more interesting , more charismatic , than milano or her boyfriend . at film 's end , kemp 's tearful bloodthirsty angst , and milano 's tearful rediscovery of her love , the " tragic " star-crossed ending , and the christian iconography , all mirror coppola 's bram stoker 's dracula ( 1992 ) . one senses that director goursaud was trying to rise above her porn material . however , this is no poor woman 's bram stoker 's dracula . milano is no winona ryder and kemp is no gary oldman . for that matter , none of the other talent on this film compare to their counterparts . and the budget just is n't there . the strength of low-budget horror is a gritty authenticity , which this film tries to hide rather than utilize . how low was the budget ? listen , i was an extra on both bram stoker 's dracula and embrace of the vampire . ( in both instances , i kept my clothes on . ) i worked one day on embrace of the vampire . do n't look for me , i ended up on the cutting room floor , and extras are rarely mentioned in credits . but let me tell you an " inside story " on the making of this film : we were shooting in a nightclub on the sunset strip . the extras were divided into three camps : union , nonunion , and modesto extras . union extras earn the most , especially once overtime kicks in , so they were wrapped after eight hours ( they were only hired in the first place to fill a union quota ) . this was during my nonunion days ( i 'm in sag now ) , so i put in a full 14 hours , after which we were paid in cash and wrapped . the modesto extras were still working when we left . now what , you may ask , is a modesto extra ? i also wondered , and so i asked one . i was told they were from an acting class in modesto , california . they had been bussed in to work on the film as part of a " class assignment . " in other words , they were paying to come to work . there 's not a whole lot to learn about being an extra . it 's neither glamourous nor difficult . and nonunion extra jobs for twentysomethings are very easy to come by . the lampposts in los angeles are covered with flyers seeking cattle , ehr , extras . i did it for the cash , and because if you do it often enough , you increase your chances of getting into the union ( which i did , after some 13 grueling months ) . never pay for the " chance " to be an extra , not in los angeles . i made the mistake of volunteering to be an extra a few times , but wised up after a few months . my guess is the producers of embrace of the vampire paid this acting teacher to bus down some cattle , and far less than even nonunion extras cost . i know this teacher was getting paid by the students , and that they were not getting paid to be on the film . another inside story : someone stole a silver pin belonging to a crew member . she was near tears because it had sentimental value . never leave anything of value lying around on a set . and some trivia : john stanley says this film was " originally conceived as the nosferatu diaries , " but on the set , we were told the working title was the collector . embrace of the vampire is a decent time-killer ... barely . if you 're looking for horror , there are hundreds of better films . dozens of better vampire films . even many superior erotic vampire films - - vampyres ( british , 1975 ) comes to mind . but if you 're looking for milano nudies , this is the film to see .
10142: real: pos ; predicted: neg
thank heaven for larry david and curb your enthusiam , or there would be nothing brilliantly entertaining and provocative to watch that was n't political , except south park & reno 911 , which are really in a different league altogether
10143: real: pos ; predicted: neg
canon 's bg-e3 battery grip is one awesome extra you cannot be without . i found the extra weight and size not to be even a minor burden . i rec 'd product 2 days after initial receiving date / 17th st photo did a fantastic job ( once again )
10144: real: neg ; predicted: pos
you get your money 's worth here- -there are a ton of cds in this audio book . unfortunately , i found bryson 's prose ( which i enjoyed a lot when reading silently , as i have done with his other books ) to be greatly irritating when spoken aloud . to me , he sounds kind of ' affected ' in parts , and sometimes there is a sort of " moist " sound when he pronounces words . hard to describe until you hear the cd , but trust me on this one . i think a lot of the positive reviews on here are for the book , and not the cd . i would stick with the written word on this one .
10147: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i know everyone else has had good luck with this , but not me . the unit started running really slow after about a minute . it also seems to scrape my face . another nit pick is that the adjustable spacer does not have any marks or numbers on it , so you do n't know what setting you 're on
10148: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first time i tried to use this tool the spring came off and would not reattach . the screw holding the spring on was defective . what a dissappointment ! !
10149: real: pos ; predicted: neg
got this on ebay for $18 last year - a great deal . i am only bothering to rate this as it seems ridiculous that is rated below two other rather shoddy grant collections because of the holiday backlash . objectively rating the content instead of the marketing would work for me
10150: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you adore the intellect and see in it the only way to the highest , purest , and most divine knowledge , than this is your book- -but it is n't mine . page after page of speculation about the higher realms open only to a mind freed from the crude considerations of the flesh....i kept hoping that plotinus would realize his vision and disappear before finishing , but it did n't happen
10151: real: pos ; predicted: neg
you do n't have to be a fan of & quot ; old&quot ; hollywood to enjoy this wonderful book about a famous restaurant and its even more famous clientele . fascinating stories accompanied by wonderful pictures . this is only enhanced by the actual recipes of this great restaurant . a wonderful coffee table book that will start conversations about movies , movie stars and great food
10152: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera is an exelent camara . it has plenty of effects , plenty of modes , plenty of scenery options . the image quality is 3.2 megapixel , but its quite good . the pictures you take without the flash do end up getting a bit blury , where as if you take it with the flash , it comes out exelent . and sometimes it takes a long time for the picture to get taken with out the flash , and sometimes it happens imediatly . but all these flaws are only with my version . but if you are looking for a good camera with a great price , this is your best option
10154: real: neg ; predicted: pos
had this for less than a month and it just stopped heating.....the only reason i gave it one star is because of the size and when it did heat it was nice.....but for the dozen times used it was not worth buying...will be returning it
10155: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ok , the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character...something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters . the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
10159: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was very disapointed with this book . it 's a large volume of just opinions . the profile is somewhat useful , about 20 pages of good stuff , but the rest could be trashed
10161: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i just finished seeing the movie and loved the song at the end and immediately started looking up amazon for this song . thanks to melania for pointing out the song title at the end . i realize this cd is just a soundtrack , but typically most soundtracks also include the ending songs . it is just plain dumb not to include the best music in this cd . my vote - do not buy this cd . the soundtrack is all pretty generic stuff . but get the ending title song if you can - it 's great .
10163: real: pos ; predicted: neg
in the never ending race for larger and larger megapixel counts , the d70s has fallen behind the pack . ( however , if that 's the only measure by which you 're judging a digital camera - you really should consider further research before plunking down several hundred dollars . ) nevertheless , it 's quite a good camera . what i like about it most : - it looks and feels solid . some of the reviewers that pan this camera for feeling flimsy and plasticky are apparently still stuck in the realm of pro cameras that cost several thousand dollars . it 's not a bulletproof titanium box that you can back a hummer over , but it certainly seems to outdo dslrs in it 's category . - very good battery life . - backwards compatibility with decade 's worth of nikon slr lenses . my gripes : - the latch that keeps the pop-up flash in place broke in less than a week . - inability to meter through older manual focus lenses . - lack of full functionality with flashes other than the sb-600 and sb-800. - nikon 's raw software and control software are n't included with the camera , and are imho overpriced . ( ...and on top of that , nikon has split what used to be one overpriced software package into two overpriced software packages.. . ) what would improve this camera the most : - iso 100 and iso 3200+ - ability to store multiple custom white balance presets , and then pull them up on the fly . - replacing the " idiot modes " ( i.e. " portrait " , " landscape " , etc. ) with modes that you could customize
10166: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is my all time favourite jacksons album . this album , along with ` mama ca n't buy you love ' and anything by donna summer were hogging the airwaves during my first visit to the states as a kid . comprising mainly jackson compositions ( and production ) , it showed a more mature and funky side of the group , and was far more consistent than their hit filled but patchy motown works . filled with their trademark smooth harmonies , lots of horns and michael 's distinctive vocals , the album hit #11 on the billboard album charts ( #3 r&b ) , was certified platinum and had a smash hit single in ` shake your body ( down to the ground ) ' #7 pop . ` blame it on the boogie ' opened the album in style , a funky upbeat disco tune that one could n't keep still while it played . other dancefloor anthems are the horn laden ` things i do for you ' , the frenetic ` all night dancin' ' , and the shimmery ` shake your body ' with its distinctive riff , which hinted at future mj songs like ` do n't stop till you get enough ' and ` workin ' day and night' . for me however , the songs that really did it for me were the ballads . ` push me away ' is a lush sun kissed ballad featuring a passionate vocal delivery from michael , alternating from full voice to falsetto with ease . great horns ! title track ` destiny ' has an acoustic guitar intro which leads into an amazing ballad where michael declares ` if it 's the rich life i do n't want it / happiness aint always material things' . great backing harmonies too . ` bless his soul ' is simply stunning ! featuring pensive lyrics about trying to do what 's right , but never seeming to please anyone . ` you just ca n't please the world and yourself ' sings jackie . this song starts off tender with congas , fleeting horns and strings which after the second chorus builds to a superb climax of ` the life you 're living is dangerous ' and a fab outro of ` hey , ha ha ha' . then comes the final track and my favourite . the dramatic ` that 's what you get for being polite' . a thumping piano leads to horns and sweeping strings , and then michael tells us the sad tale of some lonely guy named jack who wants to be what he is not and would do anything for love . dazzling instrumentation , a stellar vocal performance from michael , the cover art was a painting depicting the group with their huge afros , and the original vinyl release folded open like a book with individual shots of the brothers . one of my favourite childhood albums , one of my all time favourite albums , and a classic !
10167: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i purchased this camera so i could photograph wildlife on hikes . i needed something that was not too heavy , was image-stabilized , with telephoto power . this camera meets all those requirements . it does have one problem , however . in bright light , the viewfinder blanks out , so one cannot clearly see the object to be photographed . i have solved that problem to some extent , by pointing the camera at the object , and letting the autofocus do the rest . this " fix " has resulted in many excellent photos . like many other small cameras , the results tend to be contrasty , and i modify this tendency in photoshop
10176: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat
10177: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i got what i expected . it 's functional and not too poorly made . the only problem i had was that the scratcher part was a little too sharp . i filed the sharp edges off and now it 's great . the rolling wheels still have no function for me , but they do n't get in the way
10182: real: pos ; predicted: neg
most people that like wes anderson 's films are rabid fanatics , and i 'm no exception , so when the chance came to buy his first feature-length film for $7 , i snapped it up . if you enjoyed life aquatic or the royal tenenbaums , you 'll enjoy this , on some levels , too . many of anderson 's classy touches are already in evidence in this film . the story is fun , and the characters are well-developed . yeah , pretty much buy it if you like the wilson brothers or wes anderson . the high point of the movie is certainly luke wilson 's character , masterfully done even in his first role .
10184: real: pos ; predicted: neg
' torzk ' ( ' abandoned ' ) is a brilliant hungarian film written and directed by rpd sopsits that takes us back to hungary of 1960 when the oppressive communist rule altered the lives of everyone , especially children . the quality of the film is absolutely first rate from story to acting to filming to scoring . it may be a tough film to absorb and certainly not for the easily offended , but it is a perfectly honed gem of a film that deserves wide audience exposure . ron ( tams mszros ) is a young lad whose life seems warm at first until suddenly a disease of vision impairment attacks his mother and his parents divorce : the mother is somewhere in a hospital and the father ( sndor gspr ) beats the boy and eventually turns him over to a rigid orphanage for boys run by cruel taskmasters . ron undergoes initiation tactics by his fellow orphans but despite the beatings he is strong enough to survive . he is befriended when he has his nightmares about his mother 's blindness by his friend atilla ( szabolcs csizmadia ) and the two bond emotionally and physically . in this bleak atmosphere a little light comes from the beautiful young housekeeper anya ( krisztina somogyi ) but even her contributions are compromised by the cruelty of the staff . there is one ' teacher ' in the orphanage school , nyitrai ( lszl glffi ) who has been reduced to his position as an ' imprisoned one ' by the government and his sadness is offset by his playing his cello and studying his beloved astronomy . nyitrai offers ron solace and introduces his ' fellow traveler ' to the glory of the stars , giving ron a map of the heavens that ron cherishes - his window to a world beyond the dark confines of his prison-like orphanage . he gradually wins over his fellow orphans and when nyitrai , in the pit of depression for his life situation and the cruelty of the orphanage and the government , hangs himself . this horrid incident drives ron to organize an escape from the orphanage , an event that is ultimately fractured with a death for which ron feels responsible . and the end of the film fades into the many possibilities that event could trigger . the atmosphere created by the stunning cinematography by pter szatmri defines the darkness that represents the orphanage well but also suggests the darkness in hungary of that period . the musical score by pter fejcsik , tams grgnyi , ferenc toma , and balzs winkler is some of the most beautiful composed for the screen , making tremendously effective use of the cello and lower strings . in all , this is a brilliant piece of filmmaking , acted with depth in every role , and unveiling a portion of history and tragedy too often pushed to the background of our books . highly recommended . grady harp , march 06
10187: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it never ceases to amaze me how often gillette comes out with new gimmicks to take more money from it 's loyal clientele . the fusion is a classic example , from overpriced shaving gel to a much overpriced razor which quite honestly gives you the same shave as a sensor excel . do n't buy into the hype , the fusion is an expensive joke of a product .
10193: real: pos ; predicted: neg
in the days of the arcades there was a good movie that came out ( and funny enough had a great arcade game ) called krull . now mind you , i really had no idea what this movie was all about before i saw it ( when i was a whole bunch younger ) just saw the 5 bladed " glaive " and was sold but now as an adult i find i still like this movie and it reminds me of a true dungeons and dragons style adventure then almost any other movie ( including those terrible scifi d&d movies ugh ) it starts off with a prince and of course a princess yes been done before many many times but then in come the slayers and from then on its a totally different experience . with such ultimate favorites as the emerald seer , the widow of the web and the cyclops and of course the shapeshifting ( a bit daft too ) wizard with some very strange habits ( i dare not tell you so as not to ruin it ) but this is a classic movie and it will be good for generations to come . pros : cool effects ( for the time ) good story well done plot and themes cons : may be a bit too old for some and not flashy enough . but remember it is a tad old . its a 5 star easily some may not agree but judge the movie on its merits and not against those of today and anyone can see the care and detail that made this movie great
10195: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is an excellent , fascinating and insightful read . dr guarneri knows her stuff and has writen this book well . she wrote it because obviously we need to think about nutrition , cholesterol and excercise , but there are deeper issues too like peoples emotions . she believes that heart problems can be caused by the stress 's in our lives and our emotions - we could litterally die of a broken heart . emotional events can weaken heart muscles . you produce stress hormones when you are upset which raise blood sugars and blood pressure etc which ultimately weaken or can destroy the heart . she talks about this in the book and on the flip side , talks about happy people too and how positive emotions and feelings do good for our hearts . when we are happy , our hearts beat in a coherent rythym . she says we have to look at our hearts in various ways . we need to look at it as a pump to keep us alive but to also look at the emotional heart , the mental heart and the spiritual heart in order to keep us healthy . i believe she knows her stuff and she wrote this well and has made it totally interesting and it 's looking at our hearts in a different way from other books on the same subject . if you have a healthy and happy outlook on life , you will also have a happy and healthy heart
10196: real: neg ; predicted: pos
first of all , i am a fan of madonna 's music ( not all of it , but a lot of it ) as well as a huge abba fan . now i realize that sampling has been very successful for many artists.. . and apparently it is here as well , but why ca n't these producers make something more intriguing or dynamic ? gimme gimme gimme ( the abba song that is sampled here ) is a fairly simple song to begin with ( as many abba songs are ) but the complicated arrangements ( both vocally and instrumentally ) are what made abba 's songs interesting and fun to listen to . but taking a few bars of the original song , repeating it over and over and over , adding a dance beat , various other musical effects and a new melody does not add up to a pop masterpiece . i think she would 've been better off either following a similar chord progression to gimme gimme gimme or just doing a cover.. . perhaps benny and bjrn should 've stuck to their strict " no sampling " rule here ! for some reason many of today 's dance / pop songs get too caught up in the production and lack any real substance.. . a good example of a radio-friendly dance / pop song with a somewhat complicated chord structure is acoustic alchemy 's " so kylie " on their american / english album ( the song sounds simple enough but if you really listen to what 's going on , you 'll notice subtle chord changes and a really nice progression ) . now i 'm not going to say " hung up " is a terrible song , because everyone has their own taste . but i 'm sorry to say it just does n't do anything for me. .
10198: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i like the way the program goes through the tax forms as if you are interviewing with a tax preparer . however , i think it needs to do a better job of explaining why a tax form cannot be emailed and how to address that issue
10203: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this upgrade because i thought it would let me share my contacts . it says so on the box , but it doesn't . it works just like the old contacts which you ca n't share with others except if you export it . no live sharing . why could n't they make it so i could put the file on my server ? or on a secure site ? then all my office can work off one contact list . 50% or more of the time the business contacts ca n't be found when you search for a contact . it 's like the business contacts is an add in that does n't work with outlook . or you add contacts , save it , email to the saved email address and then go to find the contact later and it is gone . also , lots of times when you try to send , the email wo n't send , it stays in the outbox . and repeatedly you open and hit the send button but it wo n't change to send status . now , if you leave it in the outbox , sometimes that fools the program into letting you send other email . or sometimes you can forward and send. . geez , what a waste of money this upgrade was . we wo n't be using it on any of our other computers and we have n't bought if on the new computers we have ordered .
10204: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i m not a big fan of communism , nor of stalin . but i cross checked the facts mentioned in this book with facts in some other books i have read on similar subject and found that author edvard radzinsky is strongly biased against stalin . in the entire book he seems to give no credit for anything to stalin nor to his leadership qualities during the course of second world war . dont waste your money on a propaganda book . better to go for an unbiased account from a neutral observer , thats what biographies are supposed to be
10205: real: pos ; predicted: neg
have n't we all been there ? wishing we could be better than someone else ? wishing that we had our turn in the spotlight ? this is exactly how the movie " cheaters " affected me . i found it truly amazing that this movie was made on a true story like this . the plot is really incredible and actually makes you ponder the question " what would i do in this situation ? " jeff daniels and jena malone give such incredible performances in this movie . i believe that they are very convincing . if you are in the mood to be emotionally touched by a movie , " cheaters " is the true direction for you to head in
10208: real: pos ; predicted: neg
zig ziglar has done it again . as an author myself of sales books , i realize sales is about so much more than just having the ' gift of gab , ' and fast talking . it 's about asking the right questions and listening to the right answers . it 's about not just being a consultant to others , but being a consultant to yourself . it 's recognizing you are in the most honorable profession there is . zig 's theories exemplify this .
10210: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was a little diappointed when i found out that i would have to buy more versions to get continued training on this subject .
10211: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was referred to this book by my midwife ( debra o'conner ) as a book that i had to read as it 's content was so & quot ; right on&quot ; and was she ever right . i know alot about my body . i am a licensed massage therapist and a mother of a 3 year old that i had at home . i spent hours and hours learning about my body during the childbirth process . that was great knowledge to add to the physiology i learned during my massage training . this book though , is something that every woman in our culture today should read . i now understand so much about my life and the directions it has taken ! i hope to give this to everyone i know who has a daughter . i hope they will read it for themselves and then pass in on to their daughters when they feel the time is right . our culture today is so lacking in this kind of positive message . it is women 's reality and needs to be shared . of course it is written by a midwife ! thank you elizabeth
10212: real: neg ; predicted: pos
throughly dismisses all jazz after 1960 , including fusion , free jazz , and everything thereafter . marsalis actually calls cecil taylor 's music " self-indulgent bullsh** " apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film . how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual ( but more likely agenda-driven ) on pbs , i will never understand . if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz , you will love this series . if you think coltrane is a god , you get five minutes ' summary . so lets see here : 15 hours on louis armstrong and duke , 5 minutes on coletrane , and a total didmissal of everything after duke 's death . reminds me of the republisuck 's " fair and balanced " nonsense . pbs , this is your wake-up call . stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ai n't in a museum . just ask the artists ( most of whom are alive ) whom burns left out . metheny , you out there
10219: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this camera case for my granddaughter for christmas to go with the camera her parents had bought for her . this is the first time i have ever been disappointed with a product i purchased from amazon . it was , in my opinion , not worth the price i paid ! the picture looked much larger that it actually was . i wil continue to purchase through amazon but i will be much more careful and definitely return it if i 'm not satisfied . in this case i did not have time to find another camera case . thanks for giving me the opportunity of expressing my opinion . linda sutto
10223: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i used this to help plan kitchen and bathroom makeovers . it helped me see just what we wanted
10224: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after a very positive review by a popular consumer magazine , i purchased this scale . on the unit i received , the upper weight range appears to be overstated by some 20 lbs . the scale i was previously using and the one in my doctors office clearly have my weight below the 300 lb limit . i have been lifting weights and somewhat discouraged by the scale alone . i wanted to see if i was having an impact on body fat so i purchased this scale . when i attempt to use this scale , it errors out with the ol code . perhaps the magazine should retract another article
10225: real: neg ; predicted: pos
at first , i thought this product was great , and i used it for a few days . then , i noticed that my face was getting red and swollen . now , i look all deformed . i am really upset ! ! the acid ate away at my face and i am still waiting for my face to heal . i called neutrogena and they said it is probably an allergic reaction . march 23 , 2007 , update : after the swelling on my face went down , my whole body started itching , and i had to go see two different doctors . the internist said that it got into my system , and gave me two strong prescriptions to get it out of my system . i took the medication for over 2 weeks , and used cortizone 10 several times a day to relieve the itching . my arms and legs are all scared . there are still marks now even though my arms and legs have healed . this was the worst product that i have ever used , and i do n't even have sensitive skin . i never had a problem with a product ever ! ! i was very careful when i used rapid clear . it never got in my eyes , nose , or mouth . i used it once a day for a week until my face swelled up and turned all red . i looked like the character on mask . horrifying ! ! ! i will never ever buy another dangerous product from neutrogena , again ! ! ! ! i will tell everyone what happened to me ! ! ! the funny thing is.... . one person that i told this to , who also saw my swollen face , .... she said this exact thing happened to her with another neutrogena product . so , i know it 's not just me ! what the heck is neutrogena putting in their products ?
10226: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i received this as a christmas gift and thought , " why not.. . i 'll try it . " the woman who bought the gift for me also has one and told me not to apply any pressure when using the device . as a redhead , i have extremely sensitive , thin skin so i followed her advice very carefully . i did not apply any pressure what-so-ever , and did n't keep the device in one area for too long . the result.... . worse than any sunburn i 've ever had ! my legs are burned in various areas , as the product sanded off the first layer of my skin ! the skin hardened and has begun to crack in the burned areas . i 'm a little concerned and think i should call my physician , as the condition is extremely painful . worst of all , the hair grew back immediately the next day and i had to shave the areas that were not burned . this is a terrible , dangerous product !
10228: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've used creatine as a strength aid to supplement my lifting for years . this is the real stuff at the best price i 've ever seen .
10230: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this tripod was a total shock ! i was amazed at the quality , stability and portability . the heavy duty denier carrying case is a great bonus . the level and quick release were also a welcome surprise . this was the best $9.00 i ever spent for photography accessories .
10231: real: pos ; predicted: neg
going to barsetshire is a delightful book , and a much-needed accompaniment to the thirkell novels . ms. snowden obviously spent a great deal of time reading the 29 novels in thirkell 's barsetshire series , and has produced a companion to the series that makes it very easy to keep track of the characters , places , and cultural references , especially for an american who is not well versed in mid-20th century english esoterica . i also enjoyed the writing style and the well-chosen quotes . in addition to the book 's comprehensive content is its straightforward layout and user-friendly format . this exemplary reference guide is not a flashy publishing house production , but instead keeps with the simple charm of barsetshire in its quality and overall appearance . the original cover art , showing an idyllic barsetshire scene , is lovely . i heartily recomend the book to all thirkell fans
10234: real: neg ; predicted: pos
she sings and acts like a airhead , he acts like the sams sort of idiots who fight in the professional wrestkers league...from the moment these two were married in 2002 , the press and the talk shows were all over them like vultures flying over a carcass . so the silly fools did this stupid reality show for mtv , destroying whatever change they might have had in a life together and filmed every aspect of their lives in front of a camera , now today big surprise , simpson and lachly are getting divorsed . the silly fools asked for it and in the end , it led to heart break
10236: real: neg ; predicted: pos
terrible product . printer jams repeatedly or paper never feeds properly . i 've had a replacement sent and the same thing happens . even though i have printed less than 50 photos with this replacement , which i have had less than a year , kodak support says it cannot be fixed by me and i need to have it serviced by them for 80 bucks . a new one sells for $99 and the price is dropping fast . i told kodak support i would not send it back to them , spending 80 dollars would be like flushing money down the toilet or taking a stick in the eye . i further notified kodak that i would instead send it to the place it belongs - a land fill . also , i 've heard that the recommended fix ( which does not work , by the way ) , unplugging the unit to reset , will cause the color cartridge light to illuminate prematurely . with the cost of paper and cartridges , this last insult makes this printer one to avoid . 1 star because when it does print the prints look good , but , man , the aggravation to get this thing to work correctly is not worth any price . rushed to the market place without enough reliability testing on an unsuspecting public . total junk from a venerable name desperate for a hit product .
10237: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm really not sure what the purpose of this disc is , other than as an adam ant filler for those collectors who need to add more to their collection . this is a slightly scaled down version of the truly best of " antics in the forbidden zone " which detailed adam ant 's career up until the bombastic " apollo 9 " album . " essential " adds the 1990 single " room at the top " from " manners & physique " album and " wonderful " from the 1995 " wonderful " album . these two songs are not really worth the cost of admission and i think are probably the weakest songs on those two albums , anyway . and of course " essential " ignores the unreleased 1993 album " persuasion " which had some really good songs on it . if you want later period adam ant , " manners " is really good and " wonderful " is , well , less than wonderful , but still a worthwhile adam ant. if you want an introduction to adam ant , the chronologically catalogued " antics " is great and a more complete collection !
10238: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it is a well made movie based on a great book . i was particularly impressed by the performance of the leading actors deborah findley and ciara'n hinds . following their play , you can feel in the whole the deepness and the manifold of the characters
10239: real: pos ; predicted: neg
upgraded to this razor after my old remington died , and i 've been very happy with it . it cut a bit close , which irritated my skin at first , but i think that was just me getting used to the " lift & cut . " this would be an excellent razor if it was n't for two features ( or lack thereof ) that make it a pain to use . 1. the internal battery is nicd . this type of battery has " memory " to it , which means for optimal performance , the battery should be fully drained before you recharge it . otherwise , the life of the battery will slowly shorten until the battery is useless . 2. there is n't a low battery indicator . by itself , either of these features would n't pose a problem . combined , you 're left wondering when you 'll have to charge the shaver , or when you 're off on that business trip , if you 'll need to bring the charger . in the long run , this razor is cheap enough and i expect the battery to last for years . still , it would have been better if the battery was made of nimh or some technology that 's not 15 years old .
10240: real: neg ; predicted: pos
well you know the rest . aside from her brash repetative demeanor her cooking has a lot to be desired . these meals cannot be done in 30 minutes , unless that is if you want everything half cooked . the book makes false promises and does not deliver . there are also no pictures and no index and the recipes are very confusing..most of them deriving from an original master recipe and then just changing one or two things . if you want good food and a good cook book do n't buy into the hype and do n't buy this book .
10243: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book is extremely informative , eye-opening & interesting for someone thinking about getting a tattoo . i was very happy with my purchase of this title and have such a more indepth & greater understanding of what is involved with tattooing . great buy
10245: real: neg ; predicted: pos
to say this film is self-indulgent is a masterpiece of understatement . almost every joke in this movie that did n't center around profanity or flatulence was a nod to one of smiths other movies . maybe if you are a great filmmaker you can get away with that , but if you have only made 4 other films ( very poor ones too by cinematic standards ) then that just means you have the worlds biggest ego . the film looks as if it was written by a highschool kid , although the humor really dose n't reach even that level . here is a recap of the types of humor in this film . making fun of fans , fart jokes , scatological jokes , profanity ( yes this is actually supposed to be funny in and of itself ) , making fun of miramax , making fun of the viewers for actually being stupid enough to pay to see this film ( i swear i am not making this up ) , and any number of inside jokes involving the cast and crew . this movie comes across as crass , tasteless , profane and generally an abject debacle in all respects . thank god i borrowed this movie and did n't pay anything to rent it . i wo n't be watching another kevin smith movie anytime soon
10247: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the engine behind this program is from chief architect , who , from what i understand , are developers of professional cad software . it shows in this program . while this program has one of the best 3d walk around and capabilities , i tend to judge this and others by the drawing tools that it possesses . and this one has some good usable tools . like most consumer level landscaping programs , this one has photo import so you can design around an actual photo of your home . unlike other programs , the bhg software allows you to import and mask your own plant images . this is a great feature that my own program has which gives much better visualization with plants you might actually use . all the important stuff that we need to create a sellable visual landscape is there . for now , and with the choices i know of that are available to you , i find this to be the best consumer level landscape and garden program out there . this design software comes with an easy to understand tutorial cd . it was easy to install and start using right away . i think most folks would do quite well with this one .
10250: real: pos ; predicted: neg
backing up the review that pointed out m. night shyamalan 's earlier films the other movie is titled praying with anger ( also did screen play for stuart little ) . all three movies in the box set are great and worth watching again and again
10252: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have used mcafee for at least 5 years . this 2007 suite is a piece of trash . i takes soooooo long to find a site that if it eventually finds it you forget what you were looking for . at half the sites , if they are found , it will not allow me to progress into the site . in setting it up it insisted upon registering but never did tell me if the registration was completed ; just kept blinking . i assume it was registered because it did update . i cannot get into half the sites i visit on a regular basis . it wo n't even find the mcafee site . just sits there searching until it gives me a notice it ca n't find the site . never will i buy another piece of software from mcafee . i should have read the reviews before i bought it but i had been satisfed with the previous version so i never bothered reading them . dumb move on my part . dumb one on yours if you buy it . never again .
10261: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ordered the original item , used it for about a week , then sent it to my son in new hampshire . he used it less than fifteen minutes and it locked up , never to function properly again . i ordered a replacement , checked it out and sent it on to him , with the same result - - less than 15 minutes of use , it quit working . i thought the unit was nice , compact and fairly easy to use , but with two malfunctions in two cameras , i do n't think i would recommend this aiptek model to anyone
10264: real: pos ; predicted: neg
did we need a gore vidal reader ? the author is something of a long-winded blowhard , commenting at length ( and i mean length ) on every topic imaginable . in that respect he is america 's voltaire , creating reams of comment and interpretation on politics , the arts , and religion and morals . it 's hard to say where vidal fits in the framework of 20th century criticism , as he is not a conventional leftist . because of his iconoclasm , this collection can only inform the reader about gore vidal , not his times nor any intellectual or political movement . all that said , vidal is a great essayist and a droll wit . this book is much too much for the casual reader - - stick to one of his many shorter collections instead - - but for a vidal fan ( or , say , a reader of & quot ; the nation&quot ; ) this book is worth the time commitment
10270: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i enjoyed this movie a lot . hugh jackman and ashley judd are both very appealing in these roles , and greg kinnear does a nice job with his as well - the jerk who 's just so charming that you ca n't resist , even when you know better than to fall for it . ellen barkin does fine with her small role but it is weird that she is the one listed first
10274: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when i get a sinus infection , it stays and builds much congestion . rx and over-the-counter has limited value . one event that led to my first ( i am 69 ) severe asthma event , which messed up my immune system and led to my first angina events which the brought open heart surgury . neilmed pre-mixed packets sound like the " minor leagues " compared to the above . when a thorough cleansing is needed to make the sinus areas hostile to infection , these little packets take the mess out of measuring your own salt and soda ( i.e. to make a mistake is painful even with the right salt ) . then there is a $15 price in local stores for 100 packets , or about the same on-line for 200. also a quick response from the vendor .
10277: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i like wordperfect much better than microsoft word as it is easier to use . reviel codes solves a lot of problems when text wont behave . not available in word . i bought the x3 version because of some bad bugs in ver 12. , like not being able to export my address book without errors and mail merge problems . the price was right on amazon and it was easier that trying to fix 12. i do n't see a big difference between the two versions except that they fixed all the problems that i was having in 12. if an earlier version is working for you , i see no good reason to upgrade . b
10280: real: pos ; predicted: neg
within a couple days after installing dragon , it showed a high degree of accuracy . the accuracy depends on how late at night you dictate . it was installed on a 2.7 celeron with 512 of memory . the program generally keeps up quite well . the program works with comcast and aol free ride but seem to have a lot of glitches with aol.com
10281: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this product feels like grain on the face , i do n't care for that feel . they should improve that . other wise i suppose it does the job
10285: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as someone said in an earlier review , the movie is split up into two parts . the first part , training camp , was good . i enjoyed the movie up until it switches to vietnam . after that , i found it unwatchable . the main character is so annoying , i kept hoping he would get shot instead of his supporting cast . if you 're looking for a good war movie , look elsewhere .
10286: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book has its good points . if anything , it helps you put into words what you want from a supervisor , but it is not very accurate . the online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you , or if they do n't describe you at all . this messes up the results , and it did not describe me very well . i am not just in denial . i have taken a lot of personality type tests , like the keirsey temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths . so , although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths , it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology . as for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees , i'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate . the company i work for has done this , and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths ( according to this book ) are very unhappy in their new positions . your money can be spent better elsewhere . i say its only worth about $10
10287: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i liked the santana - steven tyler song / video . since i found out about the sneaky root kit this software installs and the idea of no free use of something i buy within reasonable means - i wont buy the cd . want to make sure that sony loses money in this effort - will teach them a lesson . i have been burned by sony 's proprietary [...] before on other items , so i will stay away .
10290: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was introduced to the matthew shepard story by mtv 's dramatic presentation of matthew 's last days in laramie . with that as my background , i entered the laramie project with curiosity regarding the reactions of laramie 's townspeople to this tragedy that received national attention . matthew was a human being , undeserving of the cruel torture that led to his death . shameless hatred was definitely reflected by several laramie residents , but not everyone shared that view . that fact was refreshing . the law enforcement officer who freed matthew from the fence at the scene of the crime was incredibly sympathetic . her personal views concerning his lifestyle were not revealed , but her view of this youth as an innocent victim of a horrific crime were apparent . other laramie residents were just as horrified . the so-called clergyman who brazenly expressed a heartless sentiment to one of the interviewers was expected , but equally unnerving . this film , though actors portrayed the townspeople interviewed , has the feel of a documentary . knowing that the expressions were accurate was alarming at times . but the presentation was enlightening . the film addressed the fact that hate crimes are just that - crimes . no matter what a person 's viewpoint , lifestyle or background , no one has a right to take on the position of punisher . humans are not animals . or , at least they should n't act like them . the laramie project exposes the heart of many people after the matthew shepard murder . it is worth the watch
10295: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after being greeted with much excitement , this program would n't properly install on my not-so-fussy computer . the web assistance was of little help at all and we had to send it back . very disappointing
10297: real: neg ; predicted: pos
lcd fell off when arrived because the two-side sticker was n't stong enough . anyhow , i could push it back . then , the scale could n't be turned on by tapping on the top . this is the only way you can make this scale work as discribed on manual . i have to remove and insert battery to turn it on everytime ! i think some force sensor attached to the frame is broken . this is the problem i ca n't fix . the only thing i can do is sending it back . following up : according to the other review , i tried to make this scale " vibrating " using different ways of tapping . it did n't work no matter how hard i tried . i had to use my toe to lift up one side a little ( about half an inch ) and drop it on hard floor to make enough " vibration " to turn it on . i wonder how long this scale can function well by such a way to switch on . my soehnle scale always turns on by a soft tapping . i have to admit the reading of this scale is very clear and accurate . just feel a little nervous standing on two pieces of glass . and also , be careful to use it in bathroom : moisture will make the glass surface slippery .
10298: real: pos ; predicted: neg
at first i did n't think there was enough new material on this soundtrack to make it worthwhile , but the four previously unreleased songs are so completley wonderful , especially & quot ; all i want to know&quot ; and & quot ; heather&quot ; . this is an essential for any stephin merritt fan
10299: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm a horn performance major , and i bought this box set because i needed recordings of all of beethoven 's symphonies but at a low cost . now first off , yes , they sound great . however , i 've noticed a problem in the first movement of the fifth symphony : karajan changes beethoven 's orchestration ! allow me to explain : the horn players at the time would have been using valveless horns - - instruments bound to the overtone series . on the " natural " or " hand " horn , pitches that fall on the overtone series can be played without adjustment ( like a bugle ) but any other note must be bent into tune by using the right hand to close off the bell . this technique was effective in allowing the horn to play most chromatic pitches , however , the " stopped " notes have an entirely different tone color ; most composers favored " open " pitches , especially for symphonic works . in the exposition , the second theme is announced by a call in e-flat by the horns . however , in the recap , the same call must be in the tonic ( c ) , as dictated by sonata form . the horn part is written for e-flat horns , which meant they would have been tuned so that the harmonic series emphasised e-flat major , the relative major . the e-flat call of the exposition falls entirely on partials the hornists can play with no significant adjustment - - they are all " open " notes . however , in the recapitulation , the c call would include two " closed " notes if it were played by the e-flat horn . the horns could change crooks and become c horns , in which case the call would again be all open partials , but beethoven does not do this ; i am uncertain whether he wanted the horns in e-flat for the transition , leaving them no time to change , or if it was simply not yet common practice to change crooks in the middle of a movement . for whatever reason , beethoven left the horns in e-flat and rather than writing the call in the horns again , which would include stopped pitches and have a very different sound , beethoven moved the call to the bassoons . in karajan 's recording , the second theme is announced by the horns in both the exposition and the recapitulation . granted , if beethoven had been writing for our modern valve horns , he might have written both calls in the horn section . there is no way to prove for certain that this is the case , however . it strikes me as very arrogant to " correct " beethoven 's instrumentation , and i feel that a respect for historical accuracy by preserving the master 's writing is a more prudent performance choice .
10302: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my boyfriend bought from the earth to the moon , and since he is an astrophysics student i expected that he would have enjoyed finding about people 's conceptions about going to the moon at that early time . he however summed up the book by saying that it contained a lot of basic things did n't make much sense . well , from a layman 's perspective i found from the earth to the moon engaging . it goes into the technical aspects of going to the moon and involves a reasonable amount of logic , physics and astronomy . even from my scientifically deprived perspective , a lot of things in the book did n't make much sense , such as the actual method of getting to the moon , but this does n't really take away from the book - it adds greatly to its appeal . the book contained some bizarre bits of humour and its whimsical nature never bordered into the ridiculous . i was kept wondering how much of this was actually going to work , and what these poor souls were going to come up with next . compared to twenty thousand leagues under the sea and even journey to the centre of the earth however , from the earth to the moon is noticeably less imaginative . verne uses everyday objects and ideas to make his ideas a reality , and much unlike his other works , does n't stray far from the earthly . some people may feel cheated by the predictable conclusion , but all in all from the earth to the moon is a good read . if you drop at the sight of f ( x ) = y , then this book is not for you because it involves some logical thinking , centripetal forces and the like which may be hard to assimilate . if you really know your physics theory then you may not appreciate the book either because of the theoretical meanderings that may have limited basis today . if you , like me are somewhere in the middle of these two extremes then from the earth to the moon is definitely worth your time .
10303: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this item was recommended in a magazine article for calluses on your feet , so i bought this specifically for that use . i used the triangular pumice attachment only.i was under the impression that the attachment would rotate , but in general it 's just a vibrating ( 2 levels ) machine with attachments that you move around your body manually . the vibrations were n't intense enough to make any difference . the actual machine has no function . the body resurfacing cream which has little scrubbing crystals was ok , but can easily be used without this machine
10304: real: neg ; predicted: pos
old spice is a great-smelling cologne and i 've worn it for years . my dad wore it when i was growing up and i remember he almost always smelled of it . it 's a great cologne for lean , athletic guys who love retro ; it 's been around for decades and is a classic for masculine men . it takes a certain type of guy to pull off wearing the stuff . the smell really draws attention to a guy so he better keep his body hard and fit if he wants that type of attention , otherwise he 'll just be annoying . old spice cologne actually smells better if you let it age in the bottle for a long time ; exposing it to heat helps to age it ( leave a bottle in the car or attic in the summertime or outside in your tool building ) . trust me , it smells awesome if you let it age . i meant to rate this a five star but hit the wrong toggle . i 'm proud to say i 'm carrying on the tradition of wearing old spice cologne . it 's not nerdy and it 's not just for older men . it 's a cologne for any masculine guy . it smells great
10308: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when paul mccartney goes on tour to connect with his beloved audience , it usually for more than just the average " oh , i have an album to promote , let me go on tour " . his 1989 tour was paul 's first time onstage in many years , and he used it to show he not only still had the energy and vigor he posssessed during his beatles & wings years , but he also still was able to create a deep , personal bond with his audience like few if any other artists can . this spawned the excellent double live album " tripping the live fantastic " as well as the exciting concert movie " get back " . his 2002 american tour was a chance for paul to use the healing power of music to ease the seething sadness caused by the horrific attacks on september 11th . the cd and dvd " back in the u.s. " were released to commemorate this wonderful act of musical philanthropy . in 2005 , paul did something that had long been awaited since the beatles first hit . ever since the cold war , the beatles were a huge phenemenon in russia . however , there communist government considered their music alien propoganda , and their music was outlawed . still , the russian citizens got their hands on the beatles ' recordings any way they could , and they felt a great deal of inspiration from them , making them belive there was a free world beyond the iron curtain . over 40 years later , paul ventured to moscow to perform a historic concert in red square to hundreds of thousands of devoted fans who had been waiting all their lives for this moment . the concert was filmed and was aired on a & e as " paul mccartney - live in red square " . this is quite simply an excellent concert movie . paul and his band are in top form . paul clearly wanted to give the russian fans a night they 'd never forget , pouring his heart and soul as well as his boundless energy into old warhorses such as " band on the run " , " live and let die " , " back in the u.s.s.r. " , " hey jude " and " let it be " , as well as performing rarely heard numbers such as " two of us " , " i 've just seen a face " and " let ' em in " . mixed in with the live performances are commentaries by scholars and fans on how the beatles ' music had such a connection with the russians during the cold war , and why they still remained so popular . these interviews manage to come off as insightful and entertaining rather than annoying and unneccessary , even when they occasionally cut off certain numbers . as an added bonus , we get another concert of paul in st. petersburg . this is once again an excellent , energetic and fun show that shows why paul to this day remains quite possibly the most beloved man in the music world . the sound and picture quality are excellent , and the special features are a nice treat . " live in red square " is an excellent dvd that belongs in everyone 's collection
10309: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read in one of the magazines , that many stars in hollywood eat chocolate to lose weight . i thought , that was some kind of cruel joke , until i read that the chocolate they eat is with hoodia , but i could not find the name for those chocolates . i searched the internet , and was i happy to find chocoleans ! i was going out on a date to my favorite sushi place , and had one chocolean before i left the house . it worked ! i could barely finish two sushi 's and i felt soo full . now i eat one or two chocoleans a day with water or coffee , and eat soo much less ! i already lost two dress sizes , amazing . and , they are sooo delicious
10310: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera is simply amazing ! i started out with a canon g2 , and then a canon g6 , and then a canon 20d , and now this canon 1d mark ii n . i debated and researched for 3 months between the 1ds mark ii , 5d , and 30d . my decision was primarily narrowed down to the 5d and this 1d mark ii n . yes , i wish this camera was a full-frame and also shared the 12.8 mp like the 5d , but you know what ? it practically killed me trying to weigh the pros and cons and finally i made my decision to go with this one and i 'm 110% glad that i did . for me , this camera is definitely the one to get because the 45 point focusing , 8.5 fps , and the 1d pro body / interface / menu / layout , etc is what really makes this camera worth it and the deciding factor . trust me , if you do n't know how seriously fast the 8.5 fps really is , you need to go out to your camera store and try it out before you decide . because of this 8.5fps alone , i 'm actually able to capture a lot of shots that i normally get lucky getting with my 20d . and with a 5d at 3fps , i just said forget it...no way . i 'm not even a professional taking pictures for a living . this is just purely a fun hobby for me and stepping up from a 20d to this camera is out of this world . with the phenomenal auto focusing , additional metering , it 's like i 'm now playing with a bentley ( with the 1d mk2 n ) coming from a mercedes c230 hatchback ( the cheapest mercedes that people buy just because it 's a mercedes name and they do n't want to spend any more money on a real mercedes ) . this camera and the photos truly almost help me take pictures like a pro . also , i do n't shoot action pictures all the time , and i do love portrait photography , and landscapes and printing and blowing up large sized pictures . but even with the 1.3 crop factor , there is still a huge improved difference going from a 1.6 crop and you wo n't have vignetting problems with some lenses that you 'll have on a 5d . with this 1d mk2 n , you can still take wonderful wedding photography , landscapes , etc. as much as i 'd like to have 12.8mp like the 5d , 8mp is really all that we need these days unless you 're going to blow up and print photos that are larger than 8x10 's or around there . unless you 're printing extremely large posters and whatnot , you can pretty much do everything with this camera that the 5d can . the resolution and mp is definitely enough . plus , it 's also invaluable to know that you have the 8.5 fps available and ready to use if you need to and you can also tone it down and use a slower fps if you need to . the extra bonuses with this camera which i look at as a secondary positive , are the weather seals , pro-build high quality construction body , easy to use and navigate menu system , you can see the iso information in the viewfinder as well as the lcd screen at all times , dual memory card capability , you can shoot on 2 memory cards at the same time as one for backup or use 2 separate cards independently , built-in battery grip ( you do n't have to shell out extra for this ) , longer battery life than the other cameras , best customization and most options that you can set to your liking , more than the 5d or the 20d or 30d . i could go on and on but definitely get this camera if you can afford it . otherwise , the 5d is also a great choice too if you need to save the money , and all you do is take landscape pictures all day long , or never will have a use for fast action or have a need to capture quick moments , and do n't want the fast and most accurate focusing system that 's great for ai servo .
10313: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these clic glasses are a great idea.. . i first saw them on csi-ny , and sought them out , but they are not made big enough.. . they worked fine as long as i was looking down , but as soon as i turned my head level , or looking up , the glasses would " pop " apart . i had purchased two pair , and returned them both
10317: real: pos ; predicted: neg
after brushing with the hydrabrush , my teeth feel as clean as when i 've been to the dental hygenist . this is a great product . i am so glad that replacement brushes are available at amazon
10319: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this year , 60% of college entries will be female . look at this spring 's honor role listings . last year , 78% of honor role members in my community were female . schools are fails boys - not girls . if you wish to waste your time on a politically correct diatribe that is full of anecdotal and subjective pap , then get this book . if you want to really improve the quality of education , there are thousands of reads better than this
10320: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars
10321: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ashlee 's recent face lift and apparent nose job is proof that 's she 's all plastic and no talent . she must of asked the dr to make her look like her sister . very sad cause she 's unrecognizable now . better looking , maybe , still ca n't sing or dance .
10322: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this item worked well for a month or so , but then began working intermitently after that . eventually it stopped working all together . in my opinion it is a pretty cheaply made item . i would not recommend it
10323: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell - - what are these " packaging engineers " thinking ? it took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it , and then i took the scissors to it , and the hard packaging almost broke them ! but i was thrilled . a handsome object , thought i , and i loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open . so much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband . i yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed . but , alas , it would not follow instructions as they were written . " press and hold the set button . hour display blinking . " ( could they not have said , " the hour display will blink " ? i pressed . " press memory button to adjust the hour . " i did . the memory button never did a thing . so i asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either . we both tried several combinations of maneuvers , but nothing worked . to this moment , the hour display is blinking , blinking , blinking . i 'd like to get my money back , but ya know what ? j & r music & computer world in ny demand such a rigamarole to send it back , including with all the original packaging ( i threw the op in the trash ) , that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions , which , of course , are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves . now i 'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash , while i will make sure i never order from j&r again .
10327: real: neg ; predicted: pos
two months . . .the amount of time in which i saved to purchase what i thought was an 8 megapixel camera for a steal . . . one week . . .to find that no matter what i tried i was utterly dissapointed . . . 1 ) no matter the setting every picture is drowned out by the flash and withouth the flash the picture is nothing more than i horrible blur . 2 ) the 5 minute 2 time flash is horrible . . .every person i try to get a picture of thinks it has taken the picture before the final flash even goes off resulting in 90% horrible family photos . i could go on but i wont . . .i cant even stress my dissapointment in my waste of money . . .there is a reason that it is not the bestselling camera on amazon . . .because it is not worth it . i now have to save up for another and hopefully pawn this off on someone with less expectancy in a camera
10332: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the author not only argues for feminism , but she does so in a unique manner , and innovative approach by arguing for feminism across borders . she compares and defines literary and national borders . this book is extremely thorough on all aspects of chicana feminist writing available , by engaging historical theories as well as contemporary notions . to really grasp the experience , the author has certainly covered her basis in terms of depth , substance , truth and validity .
10336: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this obus forme king sized pillow because i thought it might stop my snoring . i must admit to being surprised that the pillow actually did minimize my night time rattling if not eliminate it completely . there have been reviews that mentioned the pillow had a strange odor at first . i found that it did give off a smell similar to that of a new carpet or some plastics , but that disappeared in just a few days and was never offensive . my wife wanted to try my pillow and liked it so much she kept it . i have just ordered a second pillow .
10337: real: pos ; predicted: neg
did you lose interest in new rock in the past several years because all those loud songs on the fm station sound about the same ? maybe you noticed one song in there somewhere that had memorable hooks and interesting lyrics among the crunching guitars ? the libertines are - or at least were - one of those diamonds in the rough . their raw , loud style is closer to punk than any other genre , but most of their songs are more well-developed than that suggests and might even appeal to classic rock fans . make no mistake , though , this is a loud album . with the exception of the oddly balladish " radio america , " it 's a pretty steady sonic assault , and the lyrics are mostly somewhere between " louie louie " and live dylan on the intelligibility scale . what can be understood is more erudite than you 'd expect , though . " what a waster " is a frighteningly vivid look at drug addiction , " boys in the band " is the best groupie song i 've heard in a long time , and " the good old days " actually reveals a touch of sentimentality just under the power chords . decipherable or not , most of the other songs are at least very catchy . the whole collection is a nice balance between aggressive style and memorable songs that has been all too lacking for a long time now .
10339: real: neg ; predicted: pos
two of us read this book and we were both disappointed . characters are depressing and annoying . the storyline is predictable . we both loved john 's two last books but fiction is not his forte . i would not recommend this book to anyone
10340: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i own many sony products , including a sony cybershot dsc-f717 , which i love . however , i am very disappointed by this camera , the sony cybershot dsc-t5. i bought the t5 for my mother and father as a present . it is small , lightweight , portable ; easy to use ; and stylish . it does take nice photos in brightly lit environments , especially outside . however , after several months of use , a few problems have become consistently evident : ( 1 ) there is horrible red-eye ( and white-eye ) artifact in many pictures . the so-called " red-eye reduction " setting does nothing . ( 2 ) dim-light photography is very grainy , with lots of noise . night-time photography is impossible . these problems are not unique to our camera.. . you will find many corroborating reviews above . overall , i am very disappointed in this camera , and wish i could exchange it for something else . do not buy this camera . other reviewers suggest the t7 or t9 take much better pictures ( and they are still small pocket-size cameras ) .
10342: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i started taking anxietol 7 to help me with my stress at work . i am not usually a stressed out sort of person however i recently got transfered to nyc and i 'm from utah , just that move itself is enough to stress anyone out . i am working as a trader and it is very high energy . anxietol 7 is helping me cope with my new life here
10343: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really feel stupid about ordering this book . why did i do it ? . the story is that stacey is moving back to new york
10345: real: pos ; predicted: neg
there are complaints about win xp sp2 being too expensive or complaints about technical problems . it is too expensive , but it is the standard at so many companies , big and small , around the world . i just wanted to say that anyone who gives windows xp sp2 a one star rating really does n't understand much about the windows operating system , and therefore you should not take into consideration their uneducated opinion about operating systems in general . the price is a bit high , but windows is what it is.. . a dominant operating system
10347: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i do n't know what case others got , some have said " too tight " but mine was very loose . the camera is swimming around in the case , easily half a centimeter of clearance . not recommended . just buy the battery and wait for someone to make a good aftermarket case .
10351: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ordered a case for my kodak dx6490 digital camera from antonline thru amazon but received a case that is inches too small for my camera . if the numbers referenced above show in the review , you can see that my model of camera does not appear . in spite of this antoline has refused to issue an rma for its return and replacement with the correct case and has stated they will refuse it if i return without their rma . they tell me it cannot be sold as new since it was opened . the only packaging was a brown padded envelope . is there another way of seeing inside the envelope without opening it ? i guess i could go to the airport and put it through the screener . there is a little tag on the case that reads dx6490 but it obviously is not since the size is incorrect in height , depth and width and my number does not appear on their invoice . when i checked kodak online , the dimensions for my camera case were larger in all three dimensions . amazon is attempting to resolve the matter but as yet have no feed back from them either . at this point i would never patronize antoline again
10352: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this program is limited to a few word bubbles and sound effect fonts . it is difficult for a novice to understand how to get his or her own pictures into the comic . the word bubble sdo not rotate , so they could be pointing anywhere except where you want them to . it looks really great on the cover of the cd , and that 's what sold me . it was a disapointing christmas
10353: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm sure it 's a good product for beginners , but i already had an older version of quickbooks ( from 1995 ) and the only way i could export / import the old data into a newer version of quickbooks was with qb pro . simple start does n't allow you to import data from older versions
10357: real: pos ; predicted: neg
for any one who loses their reading glasses or does n't know where to put them these glasses work great . the magnet is strong and the glasses comfortable . this is especially true on the beach . they are what they claimed to be
10361: real: pos ; predicted: neg
excellent book - telling a shocking but real story of genocide on an unbelievable scale .
10362: real: neg ; predicted: pos
mark furman cab be a brilliant detective but he is not a medical examiner . this is the same guy who almost imediately solved the oj murder case while at the same time being shown to be a racist by his previous interview . one big plus and one big minus resulting in a not guilty verdict . mark has been shown to be a liability in anything involving ethics . he can add nothing to the terry schiavo story .
10363: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my feelings are...if you have simple income , not a lot of financial dealings , this program will walk you thru your returns with no difficulty . i 've only done fed & state with 2 incomes , 1 home , with all the associated deductions and the program handled everything . using the program is a snap and it saves me about $200-300 over using a tax preparer , who asks me questions just like this program does . you simply need to sort out all your receipts , etc. , the same as you need to do for a live preparer
10365: real: pos ; predicted: neg
less technicolor and more monochromatic than its predecessor , " in like flint " still uses broad strokes to great advantage in poking fun at the bond films . the indomitable derek flint returns to save the world , this time from a bevy of beauties who simultaneously raise the ire of the world 's women while replacing powerful males with surgically-altered substitutes ( leading to , perhaps , the most prescient line of dialogue in any 1960s film- -upon discovering that the man in the white house is not who he seems to be , a disbelieving flint says , " an actor as president ? " ) . that is , until a renegade zowie general ( steve inhat ) decides it 's his turn to take the reins of power . the delightful lee j . cobb is back as flint 's curmudgeonly boss , cramden , as are the secret agent 's posse of female admirers , and tv 's batgirl , yvonne craig , even shows up as a russian ballerina . " in like flint " feels more grown up than the previous film , partly because the lighting and cinematography are more stark and partly because the humor is sometimes more rooted in satire than parody . notions like the red scare being a feint to the very real dangers of corruption from within and the beauty industry actually having our worst interests in mind- -and charging a premium for them- -are slipped in with more obvious gags involving oversized eyebrows , cross-dressing , and the bouncing sing-a-long ball . only the crankiest among us are likely to find the juvenile sexism of either flint film worth comment , as it 's a staple of the genre , meaning that the biggest weakness here is the same as the earlier effort : a no-frills dvd .
10366: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this movie survives in my memory for over 40 years as one of the most boring stupid excuses for a comedy ever made . i use it as a benchmark to compare all other really bad comedies . they are either worse than this one ( rare ) or better than this one . as an example : buffalo ' 66 is worse . if you watch both in the same day , you will surely die
10368: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" this was the first sales book i ever read . and today , 10 years later , i have it proudly displayed in my library . when i speak with clients who i now teach sales skills to , i still reference it from back in my days selling copiers in 1994. way to go stephan ! "
10369: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read the hundred penny box when i was in third grade 13 years ago . its messages of love and memory have stayed with me and will continue to do so forever . i have created my own hundred penny box and just made one for a friend 's newborn son . my grandfather was recently diagnosed with altzheimers , an illness i assume that great-great-aunt dew suffered from . i took my ratty old copy of the book to his house over easter . we read it together and discussed his own memories over the years . while his memory is fading , i felt it important to hear them myself , love them , and save them in my own memory as michael did for aunt dew . i would reccomend this book to any child who is losing a grandparent and anyone who needs a good , heartwarming story
10372: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i love mysteries set in ww ii and like old time radio so i could n't wait to begin this one . the " hero " is a junior varsity tom joad but , ok , i was game . the cast of characters that seemed to number in the low 80s and be interchangable " baddies " and " goodies " . they were hard to keep track of without a scorecard but there is no quit in this reader and i pushed on . then when we got to the jersey shore , i found out that in 1942 with america fighting for it 's life against fascism , and losing , our hero knew why . all the servicemen were bullies ( a drafted station employee ) or morons ( the coast guard beach patrol ) . the 4f " hero " was the real mccoy however . although not actually mentioned i bet he wished that dratted ear injury had n't kept him from joining the abraham lincoln brigade . he was moderate enought to think marxism had some problems ; the murder of 10s of millions of ukrainians and the nazi-ussr pact probably and i say probably , did n't elude our observant literary genius . he was also a 1975 era feminist ; all those plucky ww ii women throwing off the handcuffs chaining them naked to the kitchen sink had his unhesitating support . most big businessmen , probably wearing spats and silk high hats , were the bad guys needless to say . i wondered how someone could write such a truly awful book . i could n't finish it and it 's a point of honor for me to finish all books . then in the bio it all became clear . the author was a flack for former congresswoman pat schroeder of colorado . i 'm still haunted by her rictus grin and constipated , quaker schoolmarm expression that said " somebody , somewhere is having fun and i want it to stop now ! ! ! " anyone who could stand to work for pat could write this book with ease
10373: real: neg ; predicted: pos
de la proliferacion de bandas angloparlantes de los ' 70 , no encuentro motivos para destacar esta placa....una mas y nada mas ue eso..despues de todo , es mi humilde opinion....humm..humble pie , descansa tranquilo... .
10374: real: pos ; predicted: neg
very convenient to use . however , since the neck band is rigid and does not fold , it is difficult to carry
10377: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i just finished a 4 day golf tournament that was brutal . 6 hour rounds played in 90 degree heat with high humidity . during a practice round a couple of days before the tournament started i really got drained of energy after about 12 holes . i was unprepared and it made a sport that i normally enjoy into an unpleasant experience . for the tournament rounds i packed a small cooler with gatorade , nature valley fruit and nut bars , and chocolate flavored clif builder 's bars . i drank water and gatorade throughout each round and alternated the bars every 3-4 holes . it really made a difference . each day i felt like i had the energy and endurance for a great round . if only my golf game was as good as these bars . they tasted great and keeping them in a cooler kept them from melting in the heat . i highly recommend chocolate clif builder 's bars . kevin decke
10378: real: pos ; predicted: neg
rien a dire si ce n'est que too $hort et ses potes a claque c'est tout
10380: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i think ms hewitt misses the mark , yes for an actress turned singer she 's ok and its more her acting clout that has landed her this record deal and not her talent as a singer.. . would someone off the street with the same looks and musical level get a record deal ? i think not.. . same goes for the other latin jennifer. .
10382: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a complete joke . the only cities that are in the program for u.s. states are major metro areas . if you have a handheld ( either regular or mobile phone ) you more than likely also have wifi or gprs internet connection . and if you are in a major metro area , with a wifi connection , why would you need a program for maps ? just go to yahoo maps or mapquest . if you do n't have a wifi , then just buy a paper map...it will do the same thing ( maybe even more ! ) than this program . the only possible way this program could be useful is if you already have a handheld gps receiver and you never find yourself outside major metropolitan cities . i have a gps receiver for my laptop ( usb ) which i though could connect to my handheld and it won't ...so my advice is to buy an entire package ( software and handheld-specific gps receiver ) . ca n't believe microsoft put its name on this junk
10383: real: neg ; predicted: pos
being a huge blondie fan , i want to rate this one higher , but sadly i cannot . it 's just a sad mishmash of bad songs , it feel very negligant too . i love the way blondie contributed to rap and disco , but their calypso number on this one is so awful . they had lost it here . check out thier truly great albums instead like paralel lines or eat to the beat. .
10384: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i used the remington twice up to now , and the bottom line it is a great machine , you will never need to lube it , and that is a big deal with clippers . its easy to clean , sharp and easy to work with
10385: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i rarely write reviews , but quoting ebert ( who inexplicably liked this ! ) : i hated this movie . 1. is editor the correct term to apply to joe klotz ? i give him credit for making a move under 2 hours feeling like 4. if you want to see a good slow paced movie watch l'aaventura . for a much better recent indie film about family life buy the squid and the wale . 2. if the director hoped to elicit the sterotypical slow pace of southern life he succeeded too well . amy adams earned acclaim for playing yet another dumb , but sweet southerner ( see forrest gump , waterboy ) . i guess her performance reaffirmed what hollywood thinks of the south . notice all the glowing reviews come from people either from california or ny . does the intelligent southerner exist in the minds of studio execs ? 3. i assume that people like this movie because of some form of self deception or masochism . i feel bad for the masochists , but not the pretentious pseudo-intellectuals who can conjure meaning from a film devoid of a plot or artistic merit . 4. rent this first and be thankful you will only lose 2 hours of your life not $19.9
10386: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it was a relief for me to be able to keep and upgrade word and excel , and to get virtual pc ( for access ) as well . i used them a lot on my pc a few years ago , and when i first switched to mac , could n't find software that did what they did . i had no trouble installing the upgrade on my imac g5 , nor did i have trouble installing virtual pc . the only thing that was disappointing was that i could n't find out whether accessing the internet from virtual pc would open me up to pc-type viruses , or if mac 's unix system would protect me there , too . i continue to be disappointed that the mac version of this software is not as rich as the pc version . but the upgrade itself worked well for what it was meant to do
10387: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it was n't obvious to me which battery to purchase for the olympus stylus 710. this is not it . i had to send it back and get the li-40b
10389: real: pos ; predicted: neg
first published in 1936 , this is the 12th poirot book , the 3rd superintendent battle book , and the 2nd colonel race book , and has no narrator . it 's the first case in which superintendent battle , mrs. oliver , or col . race appear together with poirot or each other , and the only case in which *all* do so at once . the story opens at an exhibition of snuffboxes , where poirot encounters mr. shaitana , a collector with a catty manner and a knack for gossip . shaitana deliberately cultivates a mephistopholean pose , which at first makes him seem like the potential quarry in the case - but it becomes clear that he 's a victim waiting to happen . for shaitana , like a few other collectors in christie 's universe , has succumbed to a foolish temptation , and begun collecting *people* - and not just people of talent or genius , but murderers . and being a connoisseur , he collects only the best : those who have gotten away with it . he amuses himself on this occasion by boasting to poirot of his hobby , without naming names , and inviting him to a little supper party to meet his collection of " tigers " ( poirot having just pointed out that he himself could admire a tiger , but would do so from outside the tiger 's cage , having respect for the danger . ) poirot accepts the supper invitation , however , to find that there are seven other guests , including the three other detectives as well as four guests who are presumably the murderers : explorer major despard , a strong silent type ; mrs. lorrimer , a middle-aged widow who is *very* serious about bridge ; timid young anne meredith ; and dr. roberts , a loud and jovial general practitioner . shaitana drops hints referring to four possible methods of murder , but otherwise the subject does not come up , and the guests proceed to play bridge after supper - arising from the final game to find their host dead , stabbed sitting beside the fire in full view of the players ! this is , of course , poirot 's fantasy case , as he once remarked in the abc murders - because there is no tangible evidence against any one person more than another . there are only the people themselves , and their memories of the evening , and the bridge scores reflecting how the evening progressed . solving the case depends entirely on being able to understand the people involved . but how to get them to reveal their true selves to an interrogator - or to uncover the crimes that shaitana believed they 'd committed and gotten away with ? rather than following poirot 's viewpoint in third person throughout , some chapters follow battle , race , or mrs. oliver as they conduct their own enquiries into the case . each represents a different style : battle is a professional police officer , race an empire-builder-type secret agent , and mrs. oliver a writer of detective stories . battle , of course , has a duty to investigate shaitana 's murder , and does so in an orthodox style , cultivating an image of plodding hard work that tempts one to underestimate him . race deals with checking out major despard , the explorer who 's most clearly his kind of person . mrs. oliver , for her part , works on worming information out of not only anne meredith , but her roommate rhonda ( whose attitude is that anne could 've lived like a duchess for the rest of her life on blackmail if she 'd been paying attention ) . and , of course , there 's poirot . he 's really fascinating to watch in this one as he interacts with each suspect in turn , pursuing two major lines of questioning : ( 1 ) describe how the bridge games played out , and ( 2 ) describe the scene of the murder ( the elaborate collector 's room in shaitana 's house where the bridge games were played ) . see if you can figure out where poirot 's questions lead before he reveals his reasoning to his colleagues , and what he learned from the responses he received
10394: real: pos ; predicted: neg
those who condemn this book for not being a long , boring list of name origins and meanings , or for stating that their name has gone out of style for today 's children , are missing the point . " baby names now " is a fun , readable guide to what people are naming their children in the early 2000s , including famous namesakes ( saints , popes , presidents , royalty , music and movie stars ) and what some celebrities have named their children . it 's also fascinating to read how certain names have gone out of style : for example " lisa , " " amy , " " susan " and " dawn " were very popular for babies born in the 60s ( and thus , my classmates ) , but are rarely used today . the book 's major flaw is in not recognizing that parents name their children using the last names of people they admire , not just the first names . at one point , it reads " harrison ford...is almost certainly the reason for the name harrison 's popularity " - excuse me , ever hear of the beatles ? the entries for the name " jordan " do n't mention michael jordan , certainly a major inspiration for that name in this area . the entry for " jackson " does n't mention michael , janet , or samuel l . the entry for " landon " does n't mention michael . the entries for " cassidy " do n't mention david and shaun , so popular in the 70s when many of today 's moms were growing up . the entry for " lucas " - do i have to say it , fellow star wars kids grown up and naming their children ? and come on , how can you mention the name " wayne " without acknowledging the popularity of john wayne ? still , this is a lot of fun , and i give the authors credit for recognizing that " althea " is from a grateful dead song . i look forward to the next edition
10396: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it was alright , but in a warm jacuzzi tub , it did n't last very long
10400: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it 's always a pleasure to watch sabicas play . this dvd is always a pleasure to watch . you can never get tired of it . it 's pure flamenco and proper setting . well done as always sabicas is on top of things
10406: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was first introduced to the symphonic power metallers formerly known as rhapsody ( name changed due to copyright issues ) on their 2006 live album live in canada . i have to say that i am just not that impressed or entertained by their latest studio effort . the group tends to rely more or the theatrical elements rather than focusing on their metal music . the vocals tend to be oversung , or drowned out by the chaos in the background . rather than enhancing your metal experience with musical theatrical elements , rhapsody of fire puts you to sleep with them . the group does stay true to their fantasy themes however
10407: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when will artist realize you ca n't change the old classics . the only successfull r&b group to sing the classic " night and day " to their own beat was the temptations cd " what women want " the best rendition i have ever heard . smokey does have the voice for these kinds of songs . another good cd with classics is willie nelson 's stardust
10409: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this book this weekend as we 're doing the pre-five in a row w / our preschooler and i do n't much like it . i 've got a mother w / borderline personality disorder and who does n't observe personal boundaries of other 's what-so-ever ( if i need a break away , she hunts down my poor husband , all my relatives and friends - ugh ) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as i could see her reading this to me and justifying her ' stalker mom ' mentality . in the end , i think if a person is from a semi-normal household w / proper respect for a child 's boundaries and need for space away from their parents , then this book is okay . i just find some moms are too smoothering - even ones w / o personality disorders - and this book does n't send a message about love as much as ' i own you' . i like ' mama do you love me ? ' better for explaining to a child a parent 's unconditional love . ' good-night moon ' by margaret wise brown , however , is by far my children 's all time favorite book . i was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed . they love it and so do we as parents . but this one even creeped my hubby out and he 's from a fairly ' normal ' family . take it w / a grain of salt
10410: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the perpetrators of a high-level corporate scandal ( masayuki mori , takashi shimura , ko nishimura ) are pursued by the illegitamate son ( toshiro mifune ) of a low-level functionary that they drove to suicide to protect their schemes . this film begins as a deeply satisfying revenge epic , but the masterful director akira kurosawa is not content to let it rest there . he draws out all the moral complexities of the situation , then hits us with an unexpected development at the end that gives an ironic twist to his title . the bad may not always go to prison for their crimes , but do they really " sleep well ?
10411: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am having the same problem . i ordered this product from amazon on august 26. it is now october 26. i have not recieved it yet . i have never had this problem with amazon before . i may have to cancel my order too and go somewhere else . it is a shame , because amazon does have the best price i have found so far . i gave it 5 stars only because i had to give it a rating . i wanted to be fair to the company , but i have honestly never used one
10415: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought 8 size d 's for my boom box thinking it would be the answer to having to buy batteries every few camping trips . wrong answer . i was able to play 2 1 / 2 cds before my box was out of juice . game over . i realize these batteries lose their charge quickly by sitting around , but these batteries were fresh off the charger when i left . i figured they 'd at least last into the night , but they were finished before sundown . do n't believe anyone who says these are for high drain devices.. . i got fooled . fool me once , shame on you . we ca n't get fooled again
10416: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'd be happy to write a review if i could ever get a working copy of this program . three different computers and not one would the disc install on
10424: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this film has great color production and performance . the price is also just right . you ca n't go wrong with the fujifilm superia x-tra 400
10425: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a copy of the review on amazon.com for van zant 's get right with the man which is another sony corrupted title . " this cd secretly installs drm ( digital rights management ) software on your pc without your permission . not only does it do this , but the software then hides itself by installing as a " root kit . " as per wikipedia , - - root kit from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . a root kit is a set of tools used by an intruder after cracking a computer system . these tools can help the attacker maintain his or her access to the system and use it for malicious purposes . root kits are known to exist for a variety of operating systems such as linux , solaris and versions of microsoft windows . a rootkit typically hides logins , processes , files , and logs and may include software to intercept data from terminals , network connections , and the keyboard . in many sources , rootkits are counted as trojan horses . - - in this instance , sony installs drm software to copy protect their cd , and prevent it from being copied to various devices , all the while not telling you , the user , or letting you uninstall it because it hides itself from the user and windows . manually trying to uninstall it like some people have done , results in their cd-rom drives disappearing entirely from windows , as sony installs their own custom cd-rom drivers onto the system . do not support this wreckless kind of copy protection . show the music business this is *your* music . *you* purchased it , and they should *not* be able to dictate how you can use it . do not buy this cd . " a list of affected titles can be found here : http : / / www.eff.org / deeplinks / archives / 004144.php and another part of an amazon.com review for the van zant cd " amazon rocks . they pulled they infected cd 's from sale and allowed these reviews that tell of the problems . shame on sony they not only messed with the consumers but also the artists . " trey anastasio , shine ( columbia ) celine dion , on ne change pas ( epic ) neil diamond , 12 songs ( columbia ) our lady peace , healthy in paranoid times ( columbia ) chris botti , to love again ( columbia ) van zant , get right with the man ( columbia ) switchfoot , nothing is sound ( columbia ) the coral , the invisible invasion ( columbia ) acceptance , phantoms ( columbia ) susie suh , susie suh ( epic ) amerie , touch ( columbia ) life of agony , broken valley ( epic ) horace silver quintet , silver 's blue ( epic legacy ) gerry mulligan , jeru ( columbia legacy ) dexter gordon , manhattan symphonie ( columbia legacy ) the bad plus , suspicious activity ( columbia ) the dead 60s , the dead 60s ( epic ) dion , the essential dion ( columbia legacy ) natasha bedingfield , unwritten ( epic ) ricky martin , life ( columbia ) ( labeled as xcp , but , oddly , our disc had no protection
10426: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'll get to the plot of " the gang 's all here " in a minute , because the plot is n't the most memorable part of this movie . the most memorable part is the bananas . about 20 minutes into the movie , a towering hat of technicolor fruitappears on the screen , followed by its owner- - " brazilian bombshell " carmen miranda . she proceeds to do a number called " the lady in the tutti-frutti hat , " accompanied by chorus girls who bear bananas . six-foot-tall bananas that continuously droop and sprout until number 's end , when the chorus girls , worn out by the burden of this mutated fruit , lay down for a long siesta on a stage dressed up like an island . there 's a reason this number occurs so early on : it takes you the rest of the movie to convince yourself you actually saw this in a 1943 movie . but then , this is busby berkeley , a director who staged his musical numbers as though he was declaring war . and next to kitsch , war is pretty much the motivator here . the wafer-thin story involves andy ( james ellison ) , a soldier who woos and wins edie ( alice faye ) , a canteen dancer , the nightbefore andy goes off to world war two . in what seems an instant , andy gets decorated and returned home to a victory party thrown by the family of andy 's childhood sweetheart and fiancee- -who , unfortunately for edie , is not edie . will the heartbreak be resolved ? do you really care ? the plot is mostly an excuse for some snappy repartee between major ' 40s stars ( in particular , eugene pallette and edward everett horton are hilarious ) , and the kind of musical numbers that seem to drop out of thin air . ( in a couple of scenes , benny goodman and his orchestra stroll by and do some songs just for the heck of it . ) " the gang 's all here " is really a 1943 time capsule , but an eye-popping rouser of one . they do n't make ' em like this anymore . they did n't make ' em much like this back then , either
10427: real: pos ; predicted: neg
saw this product , or maybe it was a similar one in a shop in cairns , australia . it was selling for about $70 australia dollars.....which is still quite expensive converted to us$. i came back to u.s. and found it on amazon for $15.99 , with free ship if i purchased $30. so , i bought two......one for myself , one for my husband ! it is wonderful ! we wear contacts for distance , so it is such a convenience to always have it around our necks , less the neckchains , which always used to get tangled . it 's an ingenius invention
10429: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i already own a syncopro shaver so i decided to get one for my dad . he had been asking about electric shavers for a couple of weeks prior to me purhasing one for him . the reason i choose braun is because i love my shaver and have never had any problems . just keep it clean and buy the replacement parts when needed and you 'll be ib great shape . i love the way it shaves nice and clean ! ! ! ! i trully recommend this product .
10430: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have usedphotoshop 7 , and likedit.i beleive , adobe has made the photoshopelements 5 unnecessarily cumbersome in termsof downloading , saving , etc
10432: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ca n't believe that other reviewers are calling the moves in this video " easy to master " . i found some of them to be nearly impossible to follow . the camara barely focuses on her feet as she perfoms intricate latin dance footwork ! i am an athletic twenty-three year old girl who is not a slow learner . i just excercised with this dvd for the first time and it was really tough ! i did n't get a work out at all because i was scratching my head and rewinding the thing so much . she does n't break down the moves at all and it 's just so much more confusing than it needs to be . the dances are cute , but it 's frustrating that she does n't explain the moves . i hope no one else has to waste their money on this stupid thing
10433: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this edger is a perfect match with the wahl beard mustache trimmer . you can do a real professional job with these two items . robert paul jone
10434: real: pos ; predicted: neg
all i needed was to upgrade the hard drive on my dell laptop , so i got acronis true image version 9 for half the price of the current version 10. i put the new hard drive ( right off the sealed box ) into a usb caddy that i got on ebay for $6 , plugged it into the usb port , and ran acronis 9. selected the " clone drive " wizard , and less than an hour later it was done . no need to cross my fingers.. . the new drive booted right up , and i 'm using it now to write this review . what could be easier
10435: real: pos ; predicted: neg
product is exactly what you would expect . i have been using it for 2 months 3-5 times a day with great success . i would buy it again knowing how well it works
10438: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i tried this deodorant for 2 weeks and it peeled of my skin . stay away
10449: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i really liked the outside design of the book . a lot of books were " cartoonish " and really was drawn to the look of the book . i wish the book did not have so much random fill-in pages . i had hoped that it would have blanks to fill in for different events / ages of the child . but all in all i am pleased with it . i would most likely buy again
10452: real: pos ; predicted: neg
is an product of great quality , is a kit complete kit of accessories for hp 435i digital camera
10453: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the little radio does not have the ability for station lock-in . every time it is turned on it reverts to a station set at the manufacturer . since there are no indicators or displays it is annoying and time consuming having to constantly reset the station ( s ) . it also has lousy reception and lots of static can be heard when the radio is on
10462: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this dvd of the wiggles is my 21 / 2 year old grandsons favorite . he watches it every day and never tires of it . i enjoy watching it with him . the wiggles are great entertainment for people of all ages . i do n't think you can go wrong with the wiggles
10463: real: pos ; predicted: neg
& quot ; the journals of susanna moodie&quot ; poems are interesting and spare in style . i have not gone through the whole collection , but margaret atwood has written a thought-provoking account ( through poems ) of susanna moodie . any serious or avid poem reader should consider this collection of related poems
10464: real: pos ; predicted: neg
release the bats is definatly one of my favorite dvds i own . it will show you a side of pete wentz and others you may or may not want to see.. . i thought it was very interesting to see and its kind of cool to see another side others may not have . you also get to find out who dirty is or whatever . pete says things about him in a couple of places ( online ) and all i could think is " who is that ? " so thats also very exciting . i would say as long as you have a good sense of humor your pretty much safe buying this . remember : its the stuff deemed ' unfit ' for " my heart with always be the b-side to my tongue
10467: real: neg ; predicted: pos
everyone who has rated this film over 1-star is involved in the making of this crappy movie . click on the link to see their other reviews.. . where are they ? ! ! this movie is absolutely terrible . if you can handle more than ten minutes of it , you 're a tougher man than m
10468: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i purchased the book with the intention of teaching myself all the core material in it . the material offers readers a limited number of examples per chapter per section . while these examples may sometimes make you wish for added detail , ultimately there is enough explanation to pull the reader through . be sure you understand the previous chapter before moving onto the next or you will most likely get lost . in the end i was very satisfied with my order . listen to me...if your at least decent in math you 'll do just fine following this algebra 2 textbook
10471: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm a high school freshman studying romeo & juliet and i cannot understand hardly any of it . i found this book at a borders bookstore and i have been reading it and it is extremely helpful . there 's a line-by-line translation that makes a ton more sense . buy this if you 're having trouble with r&j
10472: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this item did n't work very well . it was n't a close shave at all . i used it twice before my dog chewed it up . it left a fine stubble on my legs and kind of hurt my armpits both times i used it .
10473: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this case fits the camera perfectly . you hardly notice it when it 's attached to your belt .
10476: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is great holloween movie to watch to get you in the spirit ! i watch it numerous times every year right before holloween with my little sister . its a great movie ! ! ! ! ! ! !
10479: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great cd with many good songs as it is one of my favorites and bruce rules
10481: real: neg ; predicted: pos
darkbasic is only good for people very new to programming and interested in games . to make a commercial-quality game in this language would be lunacy , basic just is n't quite flexible enough to do that with ease , and the darkbasic renderer looks very , very ugly . however , basic remains very easy to learn and darkbasic has some commands that are fun to toy with . if you 're trying to get into serious game development , learn c++ and either learn how to use libraries like opengl or directx , or start modding a popular engine like the unreal engine or source . and make sure you 've learned a good deal of physics and math
10482: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love " fool for the city " i have also always loved savoy brown " looking in " and did n't know until recently that lonesome dave was the singer and most of the savoy brown band went on to form foghat . if you are a foghat fan you should check out " looking in " by savoy brown . if you 've heard other stuff by savoy brown and did n't like it , do n't be discouraged because " looking in " ( and only " looking in " ) is essentially foghat . there were a lot of changes in savoy brown personnel through the years and the guys that did looking in were the best .
10483: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had never eaten a luna bar before i made this purchase , so i had expectations that were not even close to being fufilled . when i read " chocolate pecan pie " .. i expected just that. . the taste of rich chocolate , with nutty pecans and a gooey sugary base . what i received was a bar with little taste , nothing at all similar to the name on the bar . in my opinion , the bar is edible if you have no expectations of it.. . the flavor is barely there . the bar is dry . it is never again be on my " purchase " list
10484: real: neg ; predicted: pos
talk about junk ! no search capability , mislabeled cds , some cds wo n't run - in short , yuk !
10485: real: neg ; predicted: pos
with so much talent on show here you would expect a lot better movie , but this is another case of the scriptwriters letting the movie down . matthew mcconaughey delivers another good performance , yet does n't stray too far from what he knows best . there is bradley cooper as his best friend who you will remember as rachel mcadams fiance in wedding crashers . patton oswalt appears in a blink and you 'll miss him scene , but the heros of the day are kathy bates and zooey deschanel who 's roles are a lot more important than the characters they play . bates is great as mcconaughey 's mother while zooey is at her sarcastic best as parker 's flatmate . parker should stick to television , she is dreadful and totally unconvincing in her role , maybe if they had cast someone else in her place there may have been a chance for this movie . a good date movie flick , the story is predictable but i would have been willing to look past that had i been entertained . special features are nothing too special . a trailer and a few dodgy featurette's . a rainy night rental movie
10486: real: pos ; predicted: neg
pedometer is great ! easy to use , accurate . highly recommend it
10488: real: pos ; predicted: neg
now i know what you 're thinking , why are there two releases of " xx " ? well after they switched from eclipse to universal records they re-released the album " xx " but they also re-recorded all the songs with less hard core vocals ( big mistake ! ) the original album is by far much better than the universal release in december of 2001. if you 're not sure which one to go with go with this one !
10489: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this cd not long after it came out . it did n't last long in my collection because it only has a few good songs on it ! ! ! i like somehow our love survives and abandoned garden . other than that this is a mediocre effort for michael . he has used this kind of brazilian theme on sleeping gypsy already . stick with your roots michael...you are from california...not south america . try buying blue pacific instead ! ! ! i abandoned this one a long time ago
10493: real: neg ; predicted: pos
great product but shame on amazon for selling it without telling people that it is old software . kudos to acronis for giving me a free upgrade to 10. acronis 10 is absolutely wonderful
10495: real: pos ; predicted: neg
having had the delight of living in st. andrews and traveling over most of scotland playing golf , allan 's book is the best i have seen , by far , for describing the reality of golf , travel , and living in scotland . he sugarcoats nothing , his opinion mirrors mine , and he is interested is ensuring his readers know exactly what to expect and know exactly how to best user their time and travel dollars . even with my scottish experience and contacts , his book is my golf / travel in scotland bible .
10496: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the video editing part of this software is completely useless . it did n't come with a manual and i ended up buying on my own a book about how to use it . it has n't made a difference . the software is completely uncooperative . my computer more than meets the minimum requirements for running the program . if you bought this software for the video editing , i recommend using the disc as a drinks coaster and buying something else
10500: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the cd came without a cd case and the cd did not play . i am very disappointed
10501: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you 're reading this . you want to upgrade , your old computer to windows xp professional edition here are a few things to keep in mind . first thing is , you can download service pack two from windows update . so no need to buy it integrated with xp . these are what i consider the minimum system requirements : 256 mb of ram . i have found is adequate more equals better . 500 mhz or higher will do . 7200 rpm hard drive will help a lot . if you 're running windows millennium edition , or 98 upgrade now the stability is vastly improved . gone are the blue screens of death . frequently asked question : is windows xp pro better than home edition ? windows xp pro has a more high-end networking features that most home users will never miss or would even know were missing . so for most users windows home edition is fine . they both are based on the same code and are almost identical . if you 're thinking of upgrading from windows 2000 , i did , because i like the gui interface better . but windows xp is as stable as windows 2000. so it 's your call . the plug-and-play ability of windows xp is totally great ! windows xp will by default find most drivers for video card sound cards , network cards , etc. that is such a bonus gone in the days of having to search for cds with drivers . i recommend upgrading to windows xp be a professional or home edition . it is a great operating system have some fun and get it done
10502: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i really enjoyed this movie ! its not one of the best and a little cheesy ! but easy to watch and one of the funniest films ive seen him in ! just a shame he never got to show us what a good actor he could have been
10503: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a ridiculously good album . this is as good an introduction to jawbox as you 're going to find . it 's got most of their really great songs , plus some live songs which are great . another good thing is that desoto records ( the label that was started by the band ) has re-released the cd , so it should n't be as hard to find
10504: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the software was just what i expected and very useful to me when creating publisher documents that need to be emailed to clients .
10507: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a difficult book for beginner-level spanish language students . i kept it b / c i understand that it is one they use at the immersion course i will be taking soon in mexico . probably will not use it before that or subsequent
10508: real: neg ; predicted: pos
" st. elmo 's fire " is one of those movies that could have been better , should have been better and yet , it just wasn't . it featured an ensemble cast of the young and hot stars of the 1980s , the so-called brat pack ( well , everyone but molly ringwald and anthony michael hall , who were spared this misstep ) . maybe this was supposed to be " the breakfast club - - after college " , but while " the breakfast club " had characters , even stereotypical characters , that you could relate to , there is absolutely no one , with the exception of emilio estevez ' character , that you care enough about to relate to in this film . the setting is not the john hughes teen friendly illinois , but georgetown , where our bunch of brat packers have supposedly graduated from college . uh-huh . yeah , right . judd nelson and ally sheedy are living together and supposedly looking toward marriage - - problem is , nelson is looking at and screwing everything else female that walks by and somehow hoping that sheedy , in her prim and proper sweater and skirt sets and pearls can change that . andrew mccarthy is their mutual friend who knows what nelson is up to and secretly harboring a festering desire for sheedy ( or maybe it 's just the pearls ? ) emilio estevez is a future attorney , working as a waiter / server and suffering a serious crush on andie macdowell . mare winningham is a dowdy , trust-fund type girl who is still holding on to her virginity , working in social services and fighting over marrying the proper dork that her parents have selected for her . she instead fantasizes about rob lowe , who is the pretty boy sax player in a local band , who has dropped out of school , married a white trash-y looking groupie , had a child with her and has now separated from her , and taking up with other groupies . demi moore is the wild chick who works in international banking , has a serious coke problem , stepmother issues and a problem with painting her apartment walls hot pink and with giant murals of billy idol . sounds promising , huh ? well , in what is an early portend of the " melrose place " to come , sheedy finds out what a dog nelson is , dumps his ass , immediately jumps into bed with mccarthy , who is too desperately in love with her to realize that this is a rebound job ; estevez , after screwing up a lucrative house-sitting job by hosting a party there , travels to the snowy mountains to track down macdowell and profess his love to her . he finds that she is holed up there with her boyfriend and despite being crushed , he lays a huge kiss on her and then heads back home . lowe , in between faux-playing his sax and shaking his feathered head everywhere , takes winningham 's virginity and heads back to his estranged missus . moore , after whining seemingly incessantly about her ill stepmother , has all her furnishings repossessed , loses her job and freaks out . not exactly " the breakfast club " . the real problems seem to lie in the characters themselves . with the exception of estevez ' character , they all seem like caricatures and horribly stereotyped . their every action , every line of dialogue seems like just that - - they seem very one dimensional . their so-called angst seems like a handy plotline device and nothing more than that . winningham 's character could have been salvagable - -except that she followed lowe around like a sick puppy , knowing full well how he mistreated his wife and what a basic slacker he was . and yet , she still gave her virginity to him . maybe if winningham was n't so bright , or she was a college freshman , it would be understandable . but she was a college graduate and seemingly intelligent . lowe really had little to do with his role . maybe if he had played the role nelson had - - as the roving lothario , with sheedy waiting at home , it might have gone over better . with his too-pretty looks , it would almost be understandable how the character could get random women he just met to sneak into dressing rooms with him . nelson just does n't seem comfortable and does n't pull it off - -but maybe nelson might have been better suited for the sax player . moore basically plays herself - -an interesting sidenote is that she was originally fired from this production for her drug problems , mirroring her character - - but was later rehired . while the title song later become a minor hit , " st. elmo 's fire " itself missed the mark .
10510: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i would argue that since we really have n't evolved all that far since our primate days human males still have loads of aggression and animalistic behavior they need to get out . and despite the best efforts from civilization in general to neuter them that aggression still has to go someplace . in mary harron 's " american psycho " it comes out in all the wrong places . the film is a character study of one patrick bateman ( christian bale ) , a wall street yuppie by day and an ax murderer by night . patrick is a man who has been forced to the edge because of the fakeness that surrounds him . it 's not just the suits and the empty conversations either . it is the peeing contests over who has the best haircut or apartment or business card . he tries to talk about his problems , he really does , but nobody listens to him because nobody listens period . to their ears " murders and executions " is interchangeable with " mergers and acquisitions . " the film is a big punch in the face to the egotistical businessmen of the 1980's . this particular gordon gekko is overdone and overacted by christian bale in a great performance . he is robotic , phony , arrogant and absurd . he is the kind of guy who will have a 3 some with prostitutes just so that he can admire himself in the mirror doing so ( all the while flexing his biceps ) . more than anything he is militantly materialistic . he is dexter mixed with jim profit , only he likes to style and profile while taking an ax to a co-workers head . the whole point , which is made clear in the final scene , is that while these people may truly believe that only the glossy veneer matters it is really the inside that counts . just because these people make enough cash to swim in , scrooge mcduck style , does n't mean that their behavior is excusable . harron paints the modern businessman as an american psycho , and it is all too fitting . to make it in the business world your conscious and your soul must be turned off , you must be turned into patrick bateman . the film is a great success . as a horror movie villain patrick has one of the most compelling backstories ever . every scene has great energy to it and even though bale looks a little out of place his acting is so good you ca n't stop watching him . there is something of a conflict presented when willem dafoe shows up to play a detective on the case of one of patrick 's murders . that storyline is interesting while it lasts , but it is never quite wrapped up . i would also admit that after awhile i got a little sick of swimming in these debaucherous waters . he may never tire of having it dirty and bloody but i eventually did . the character is endlessly fascinating ( what is up with his love of cheesy 80 's music ? ) and the scene where he kills paul allen will leave you stunned and hypnotized . the male need for aggression is n't going anyplace and we need to find a good way to channel it . . .otherwise we are going to have a lot more patrick bateman 's and iraq wars on our hands . ***3 /
10511: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a great exercise tape- -plenty of variety and feels like it is doing the trick . if only denise would come into the house and make me exercise daily , this would really work
10512: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the leather is very soft and the case is simply quality . i should have bought this one the first time
10513: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read about lila downs ' new cd , la cantina , in victor cruz - lugo 's article entitled , " sweet sorrow , " published in the june-july 2006 issue of hispanic magazine ( page 76 ) . it is an honor and a pleasure to offer these few reflections on lila downs ' new cd , la cantina : 1. the cd cover is awesome , a beautiful and colorful work of art illustrating lila in a pensive and contemplative mid-air pause with her guitarra ready to rock . it strikes me as an example of the rising feminine in our time , awakening the historically-oppressed feminine from its slumber and into an alto canto of unstoppable and celebratory song . 2. each track is a lively composition of mexican corridos and sones impregnated with lila 's lovely voice that makes me feel so proud to be mexicano-chicano-hualahuisense and a member of our precious universal human family . 3. i first was introduced to lila downs and her musical talent when i enrolled in writer juan felipe herrera 's legendary manikrudo summer arts class at cal state fresno in 2000. juan felipe invited her to our class room and she impressed us all with her down-to-earth talented voice . later that night we all saw her in concert at the tower theatre in fresno and i 've been a fan of her work ever since . 4. this new cd is indeed a delightful experience . i appreciate that she moved into the corrido , son , etc. genres which makes me appreciate her music so much more . it has so much more appeal to me without bordering on the commercial and superficious . it 's authentic and retains its articistic musical integrity . i think that this is a hallmark that we can expect from all of lila 's work . she is a true artist . i 've always appreciated her darker and earthier songs in her first two cds , however , this new stride into popular folk corridos is a movement into another aspect of the heart and soul of the mexicano experience . 5. i am very impressed with lila 's voice and how it has matured since the summer of 2000. there seems to be more color and flair in it and definitely mucho corazon . ahua ! her solos in " yo ya me voy , " have my soul spinning to the outer edges of infinity . as victor cruz-lugo writes , " through it all , downs ' powerful alto voice cuts a path into the deepest pits of your heart , tears something out of there and somewhow we as listeners wind up asking her for more of the same . " this is my favorite of lila 's repertoire . it is my opinion that those who purchase this cd will not be disappointed . enjoy !
10516: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the best out of three guide books i looked at , and a must for the first trip to the big island .
10517: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first one i purchased lasted about 2 weeks , then sparked and smelled like something was burning and quit working . exchanged it for another one - it lasted about 3 weeks - then the same thing . have now purchased a different brand . would not recommend this product
10523: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after reading so many positive reviews , i was very exited when i recieved this cd in the mail . i popped it in my bose wave radio , turned it up to 85 , and listened to the most annoying hissing sound i 've ever heard coming from my system . i regret purchasing this cd
10526: real: pos ; predicted: neg
these are a helpful item for me ; the cloth pockets are nice , and the instructions for microwaving are clear and simple
10527: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i did n't listen the disk but know the recording label . never heard anything good produced by the company in several occasions when i was hooked by the low price : very poor immitations . just go for the real things
10530: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this camera took some great pictures , and i enjoyed it 's size and functionality for several months . i was sitting in a lawn chair at a barbecue last weekend when i was passing it to a friend who was also seated . the camera fell about 2 feet onto soft grass . the end . the lens assembly is shot , according to my local camera store , not economical to fix . this was about the softest fall a camera could take , and not work , it was like landing on a pillow . i will not buy hp cameras again
10532: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one
10535: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the recent disappearance of spalding gray has made me realize what i do n't like about this film : its narcissism . it 's gray 's defining characteristic . after a while , despite jonathan demme 's fabulous direction ( he makes the best of a limited repertoire ) it just gets boring
10537: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you are interested in cheap tricks rather than substance , this is the book for you . there is no easy way to learn japanese . there are easier ways , but no easy ways . where is the beef ? not here
10538: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i played several samples of this cd on my computer while visiting the amazon website and my male cat started meowing along . this cd is good for calming a cat and lining his box . face it , yoko ca n't sing ( unless you have a cat 's ears . )
10539: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there 's nothing you can tell clearly about this movie , because from the very beginning to the end , i 've just heard lota f words ; f....this , f....that , typical stupid stereotyped mafia talks . and i swear to god when i watched this pathetic movie and thought that if mafia could be this stupid , and if they could just use that fxxx word in every sentence they talked , and if they thought that by using this fxxx word once they open their mouth to talk and used this f word to show their smartness and toughness , or if they thought by simply using this big f word and they could kill thy kingdom come , then america might not look like what we 're seeing now . maybe the mafia could just use this big word to kill all the terrorists in the world , maybe they could just use it to solve all the problems and guess what ? they 're just using that word to kill each other . or is this just what hollywood think that all the mafia mob guys could walk the walk easier by simply using this big f word to talk the talk ? i do n't have any clue , man
10541: real: neg ; predicted: pos
before you donate your hard-earned money yet again to bill gates ' ' feed the multi-billionaire fund ' , do yourself and the world a favor and search for ' star office 8 ' on amazon and read the reviews there . i use ms office professional 2003 in the office , and just cannot believe how badly so many businesses and individuals are being ripped off by microsoft for this bloat-ware . star office 8 is under $50 from amazon and is fully compatible with microsoft office , and includes full functionalities of ms word , excel , powerpoint , visio , and access . let me know what ms software i can buy under $100 , let alone $50. hopefully , this is the beginning of the end of the microsoft monopoly , and the dawning of the era of sanity in computer software .
10542: real: pos ; predicted: neg
coming from a listener with a broad scope of musical preferences , blues has always been a multi-faceted genre which can be broken down into the categories:soulful blues , drinking blues and guitar blues . " b.b king - live at the regal " is one of those recordings that just happens to capture all three . this recording is dear to my heart as i can remember far back as first or second grade when my grandmother ( god bless ) used to play this on 8-track . she used to love herself some riley " blues brother " king . this recording always seemed to be in the player when my cousins and i would come over to visit and rest assured , you will hear it before you left to go home . at that time , being the young naive kid that i was , i remember saying that i hated it and that it was old folks music . all grown up now , in an age where real music is practically unheard of in terms of what these young artists of today release on cds , i have a newfound respect for real stuff like this . so instead of sitting around burning your brain cells trying to understand what this new generation is calling itself creating , you have decided to come to one of the first sources for good old fasioned real music....the blues . in my opinion , " bb king live at the regal " is one of mr. king 's best recordings and with myself not being a big fan of live albums , this is one of those rare live pieces that captures the essence of what a live recording should sound like . maybe not so much in terms of the musicianship but the overall performance of those involved . the arrangements were put together nicely & the musicians were all in a very tight vibe on this album and whoever was on the mixing board did an excellent job of capturing this essence . bb 's pickin ' and crooning mixed with the superb playing by the band make this a wonderful place to start for the blues or bb king enthusiast . it sounds as if it was made in a tasteful nightclub full of grown people who wanted to hear good music while having a good time . the ladies were screaming and the gentlemen were cheering and bb was playing at his best . the only gripe i have about this disc is that it is very short ; which was typical considering the age and time that it was made but still essential and a solid lesson for anyone interested in blues ( especially blues guitar ) . i recommend getting this and bb 's " live in cook county jail " . they both are live albums and both have some of the same songs on them but they were done in a different way and should still be heard . good choice if you get this one .
10543: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you like fantasy and are not acquainted with the works of andre norton , then this is an excellent starting point . believable , heroic characters and a well thought-out & quot ; witch world&quot ; combine to make for an enjoyable read . simon tregarth is transported through a mysterious gate into a world populated by people and other things not people . a struggle goes on between good and evil , and it 's not clear who is winning . ( but , we know who wins in the end - & quot ; good&quot ; , of course . ) the style of writing - more of a story that unfolds as it is read - is one strength that characterizes her writings . that , and the fascinating settings , imaginative perils faced , and strong likable characters make this a & quot ; must read&quot ; . this is a refreshing hard-to-put-down story . it does not suffer from the typical overinflated , overwordy , overcomplicated , and overcharacterized ( and lifeless ) features of the usual fantasy megathon offered today
10545: real: neg ; predicted: pos
far from user-friendly , you will be at the office later at night tearing out your hair trying to find the buttons on the tool bar for even the simplest of office tasks , wondering " why did i get this program again ? " its like reading another language after using previous editions of word , which i was a big fan of . i guess with some extensive getting used to the it might be nice but for now it 's a nuisance . i ca n't find anything on this toold bar that looks like an airplane cockpit . in the words of thoreau " simplify . " good luck sending files as attachments to colleagues-they wo n't be able to view the newere version . get used to saving in " 97-2003 word format . " also , wo n't comply with other programs such as e-fax unless saved in this manner . at this price , you could do without the headache .
10547: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this program is dependable and adequate within the limits that it is avertised to do . for instance , it wo n't keep track of inventory , since it was not designed to do so
10548: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i switched to tax cut years ago after turbotax ( in 2003 ) implemented their idiotic validation scheme . i figured i was doing my part to punish intuit / turbotax . and for all those years i 've been happy with tax cut . not this year . i found some major bugs which cost me a lot of time . i had my return done , but the numbers were seriously out of whack - - i know i did n't have that much income ! going back through the interview process did n't turn up the source of the added money . only by checking the actual " forms " did i find that several copies of 1099-misc forms were hidden from the interview process , and by adding the same data in non-hidden copies , i was double entering the data . there was no easy way to recover . i eventually had to wipe the installation and start all over . a call to tech support did absolutely no good . the person on the other end did n't seem to understand the problem with having " hidden " copies of forms going into the calculations . if those are hidden , what else is it doing wrong ? i 'm not quite sure how do deal with this next year . go back to turbotax ? hope tax cut fixes its problems ? or go to a human tax preparer ? whatver my choice , i 'm not looking forward to it .
10549: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the happy co electric head tripper for my husband for christmas . he has wanted ones that we 've seen in the mall , so this seem to be a good one . well , the plastic pieces that fit into the slot were very flemsy . we had to be careful not to snap it trying to get it in . once we got it in , the head tripper felt great . it really did send goosebumps down my spine . the only problem is the purple plastic piece broke off , litterally the next day after giving it to him . it first was bent and then finally broke all the way off . i do not recommend this product . i was thinking of getting the ting ting motorized head massager to replace them . you can still use the happy head tripper it is just one tong short
10551: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i expected more african vocals in it. . thats the main reason i brought the cd , i recently became a fan of that kind of music. . it had like 3 songs on there that i liked , besides that this album is garbag
10552: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am very happy with the emjoi compact epilator that i purchased . it does exactly what it claims to do and works wonderfully . until i asked a salon for advice on the best way to remove unwanted facial hair , i did n't even know something like this exhisted . i just wish i would have known about this product years ago . a . davis
10553: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" american gigolo " stars richard gere of a high priced male prostitute . he is coasting along with his rich southern cailifonia clients until one of them is murdered . when he is considered the main suspect , he goes on the run , with his only friend being the wife of a politician . at the begining he tells people that he is a moral man , for example , he dos n't service gays , more on that in a moment . it is interseting to note that gere also played in a movie about hookers a decade later in " pretty woman " and it made a star out of julia roberts . but that is where the similarities end . this is a much darker story about hypocracy . when he falls under suspicion all his clients that liked him before all distance themselves from him . in the end , he finds himself a hypocrit , because in order to get an aliby he is willing to do anything job ; gays , s and m , anything to avoid jail . the only love story here is about him and the politician 's wife ( lauren hutten ) . it is complicated by the fact that he will not let anyone in close to him , even for his own protection . for all it 's darkness there is one funny scene . richard gere is called in for a line up at the police department . he tells the other men in the line up that he got paid , and the others get angry and cause a scene , averting the attention off of gere . this is a really good movie as an examination of society 's attitude toward sex . this film was written and directed by paul schrader , if that is why it seems like a less brutal companion to " taxi driver " . richard gere is wooden , but his character is cold and icy , so that approach is right . lauren hutten is alright as the bored housewife of a powerful man ; she seems sincere in wanting to help gere . but i thought the standout performance was bill duke as the slezzy street pimp who is quiet but menacing ( as oppose to gere 's ' madam ' ) , but also provides the warning to gere at the beginning that his 15 minutes of fame are running out . and another future " pretty woman " player is present ; hector elanzo . he plays the detective on gere 's trail ; but he is slimy and rather unlikable here . well worth your time , but for adults only
10554: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i wanted to use this product to tape sporting events , as part of a promotions unit i belong to . i had used videowave 7 which was ok and produced a more than adequate product , but would on occassion crash to the extent i would have to reload the software . i thought i would give pe 3.0 ago , since adobe products generally have a good reputation . well , it goes to show that you ca n't just rely on reputation . the program lets me down horribly when capturing the video from the camera . the camera records dvd video ( vob files ) straight to dvd . when i capture these files into the pe program , all moving images within the video become pixelated with lost resolution to the point of being useless . i have tried various other ways of capturing but always the same result . there is nothing to be done from that point...for me this program falls on the first hurdle ! ! it is unbelievable to me that a professionally released image processing algorithm could corrupt video so badly , and frustrating that i actually paid money for it...a first year undergraduate could have provided a better effort . i have subsequently gone through the motions to produce a video , and to be honest he layout of the settings , ease of applicaiton of various functions is quite good and better than videowave 7 imho . i was able to produce quite nice edited products with intro , text and audio overlays very quickly . still this is n't much use when the video itself had already been digitally butchered . if you are videoing things that do n't move you may well like this product . if you are videoing dynamic scenes , give it a miss . big disappointment
10556: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have had a number of surgeries and injuries over the years . i see a chiropracter and a physical therapist every few weeks . both of them work wonders , but then my body tightens up . i ca n't afford to see them every day ! i bought the theracane because i saw someone else with one at a long distance cycling event . now i 've purchased another 3 to share with friends . it works ! this tool has helped me stay loose , and has taken away a lot of the shoulder stiffness that i have suffered for the past 7 years . i suggest the addition of the trigger point therapy workbook , which will give you a lot of the details about the body and why / where it hurts . but even if you do n't want to study , you can still get lots of benefits from daily use of the theracane
10557: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my dad got this for me to supplement a latin textbook i have been studying for my high school language course . it is quick and easily understandable . you get plenty of words and phrases , which is perfect for a traveler . if you want to learn the language for the sake of knowing it , not travel , however , you 'd better get a book to supplement this . it does n't teach about pluralization , verb conjugation , or other oddities that the language holds , such as , in latin , the ending -m which implies a direct object . the latin cd also does not use the dashes over the vowels ( ie .  ,  ,  ,  ,  ) . overall , i am very happy with the product and with the price of $39.99 ( usd ) , but i am also quite glad i have my textbook ( ecce romani ) to go with it
10560: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this out of all the many versions of jane eyre has to be my least favorite.. . granted samantha morton has a very adorable fairy / elfin like face like mr rochesters description of her , but her acting has no highs and lows . she stands up to mr edwards a little too much giving really snappy answers , seemingly no respect to her employer , which is not fault of hers , the writing of the script is bad... . and so the direction . ciaran hinds is totally over the top . he is so angry with no understanding , his eyes are very lustful and at times crazed . he is not at all like the character described in brontes epic book of a very sad and tortured man who falls hopelessly in love with the innocence and singular personality of earnest , honest and yet strong sweet jane eyre that charlotte bronte brought so vividly to life with her classic words . the over acting of both during the proposal scene is almost comical.to me there is no love , feeling or chemistry here between the two actors just lust... . he seems to be going through a middle age crises just eyeing up this young girl , and she though supposedy a virgin.. . she dos n't act like one . plus this movie seems very rushed you can never get a good foot hold of the story especially during janes childhood . i do also miss the gypsy scene that is omitted in many of these movies and was expertly done in the dalton / clarke mini series , which brought some brief light heartednes to an otherwise very dark story . if you want to see great versions . i highly rate the 1944 movie with orson wells though it is another abreviatd version , that movie truly captured the spirit and feel . it is moody dark and mysterious . another is the fantastic timothy dalton version which is most accurate to the book of all the movies taking actual lines right from the brontes story . dalton 's and clarkes acting is simply superbly sublime ! however if you are like me , see them all and make your own decision . they all have something to offer and most are entertaining.. .
10561: real: neg ; predicted: pos
broke after 5 days . i used it the way it was meant to be used , cleaned it nightly , etc , i had read a review that said theirs broke after a short time and ignored it . i wish i had n't , this is junk
10563: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these songs are hacked up versons of rick 's music . i played it a couple of times until i got the library of original lps . the lps are better . at least they carry full versions of songs . i pass on rick and this package . rca cheats people out of good music. .
10565: real: pos ; predicted: neg
first , the story takes place in the 1940s ( harold 's brother is mia in wwii , not in vietnam , as the amazon.com review erroneously states ) . second , the writing is superb . mr. lawrence makes you feel emotions without telling you what to feel . his characters are very real . his setting ( a small , struggling circus , traveling the western u.s. ) is historically believable , peopled with ' freaks ' who suffer as sideshows , unable to find any other way to live because of the bodies they were born with , but peopled also with ' normals ' who are either afraid of or cruel to the freaks . harold , the 14-year-old albino central character , tries to straddle both groups of people . he finds his niche in the circus as an elephant trainer . i am admittedly ignorant about such things , but mr. lawrence again makes the storyline with the elephants- -crucial to the plot of the novel- -seem believable . my only complaint about this otherwise very moving book has to do with the writing at a crucial death scene near the end . i do want you to read this book , so i will try not to give anything away here , but the writing at this important point becomes formulaic in the dying character 's last words and even gomer pyle-like ( people actuallly say " gosh ! " ) . this did detract from the impact of the death , unfortunately , but i still very strongly recommend this book . five stars for a book with a major flaw says a lot !
10569: real: neg ; predicted: pos
for the most part , these people whom the author thought are prominent jews are either ignoramuses as regards to judaism and our heritage ( especially the 2 supreme court justices , who probably never heard of the concept of tzeddek ) or are not even jewish at all . a waste of time
10570: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i received the package and read the instructions . in retrospect there were hints buried there that indicated this may not go well . it did not . my installation stalled out and would not complete rendering the computer useless . i had to take it to a professional to get it going . even so , i have had problems with internet explorer stopping suddenly , bsod's . this is not a job for the average computer user
10572: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this video is great for the beginners and the advanced beginners . i started taking a vinyasa class and was unable to coordinate my schedule with class times so i looked for a video to supplement my practice at home . what a great choice . baron baptiste takes his time to explain the poses and provides the mood that is needed to practice yoga at home . i highly recommend this dvd
10576: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ca n't give this book more than two stars , and that 's being generous . mr. hall does present some interesting ideas , but unfortunately , his editors have done him a huge disservice . here are the first three sentences of stage i , on page 23 ; essentially what we have now- -nanoscale science and technology- -including the ability to image at the atomic scale with scanning probe microscopes , and a very limited ability to manipulate , that is , by pushing things around with the same scanning probes . a scanning probe is essentially like feeling something with a stick . because you have a computer behind it , you can touch it in a very close grid of points and produce a picture . i made it through the first fifty pages , and it did n't get any better . i do n't know if mr. hall had a final read before publication , or not , but someone should have stopped this book from being published until it was properly edited .
10579: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this lens for my canon powershot g5 , and because it requires the use of a long adapter , not only does it cause terrible vignetting ( that circle the other poster thought was cool , but which is actually a design flaw ) unless you zoom most of the way , it blocks the built-in flash . i have owned four canon cameras over the past 15 years , and the g5 and everything related to it has been a huge disappointment . ( i would have bought the digital rebel when it first came out so i could use my eos lenses , but it did n't allow flash exposure compensation ( insane for a $1000 camera body ) . ) i do not recommend this lens or any of the g-series digital cameras from canon . when i 've got the money i 'll be buying the latest digital rebel and upgrading some of my old eos lenses , and selling my entire powershot kit . if you are an experienced photographer , you will not like this system at all
10580: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it seems as if every time i want to use the camera , the battery is dead . i find that if i charge it and try to use it the next day , i should expect very much . i 'm going to purchase a new battery and see how that goes , but i should n't have to do so
10581: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the converter since i wanted to use it for landscape photography . i took some test shots and discovered that the converter has an unacceptable amount of barrel distorion . if you are thinking about buying this product just be aware that you will have to correct your images through software after you take them
10584: real: pos ; predicted: neg
in the never ending race for larger and larger megapixel counts , the d70s has fallen behind the pack . ( however , if that 's the only measure by which you 're judging a digital camera - you really should consider further research before plunking down several hundred dollars . ) nevertheless , it 's quite a good camera . what i like about it most : - it looks and feels solid . some of the reviewers that pan this camera for feeling flimsy and plasticky are apparently still stuck in the realm of pro cameras that cost several thousand dollars . it 's not a bulletproof titanium box that you can back a hummer over , but it certainly seems to outdo dslrs in it 's category . - very good battery life . - backwards compatibility with decade 's worth of nikon slr lenses . my gripes : - the latch that keeps the pop-up flash in place broke in less than a week . - inability to meter through older manual focus lenses . - lack of full functionality with flashes other than the sb-600 and sb-800. - nikon 's raw software and control software are n't included with the camera , and are imho overpriced . ( ...and on top of that , nikon has split what used to be one overpriced software package into two overpriced software packages.. . ) what would improve this camera the most : - iso 100 and iso 3200+ - ability to store multiple custom white balance presets , and then pull them up on the fly . - replacing the " idiot modes " ( i.e. " portrait " , " landscape " , etc. ) with modes that you could customize
10587: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the camera takes good pictures as long as you have a steady hand . some pictures come out dark and some shadows on pictures . some pictures come out blurry - no stabalizer . this camera 's randomly broke after about 1 year and i did not drop the camera ( just like another reviewer ) . i bought a sony pda and the same thing happened to that lcd - randomly broke - has a crack across the lcd . of course , sony said it was my fault and that i must have done something to it and refused to honor the warranty on that pda - after 1 month ? since the camera was out of warranty , i knew there was nothing they were going to do . so if you want a decent camera with lousy customer service to support it - go for it ! but if you want a great camera and a great company to support their products , look elsewhere . i used to be a great financial supporter of sony products - monitors , computers , camcorder , memory sticks , etc. i am not buying anymore sony products - i have lost the love for sony and their products ! beware ! canon , here i come !
10588: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great speeches by native americans is the model of simplicity . though edited by bob blaisdell , who presumably provides the single-paragraph introductions , the bulk of the book is simply the spoken words of native americans from the time of first contact in north america to the present day . their messages speak for themselves . a number of themes and characteristics run through these selections . one is their brevity . the speakers get to the point and make it clearly . few inclusions run longer than five pages . there is also a level of genuine ( and often sad ) honesty . many selections concern the loss of tribal lands and the american indians ' efforts to hold onto them or gain just compensation , if such a thing was possible at the time . the tone is often one of resignation , but also of appeal to the better nature of their listeners . it is not possible to say if these speeches were carefully selected for this editorial theme or not , but it appears that for several centuries the native peoples viewed , rightly or wrongly , the european and later american entry into the continent as something that words and argument and demonstrated moral behavior could combat . even among the surrender speeches of various tribal chiefs we see the notion that no speaker could really understand what their people could have done differently to avoid such conflicts . the style could almost be considered anti-oratorical , though the simple approach is here elevated to a style of its own . one should probably consider that many of these speeches are translated into english . nonetheless , the organization of thought and prioritization of points shows a group of people , separated by years , language , and geography who retain a clear-headed means of addressing their listeners
10590: real: pos ; predicted: neg
so , why give justice league the full 5 stars ? because it appeals to every generation in my family . i bought this for my 4 year old son who is enamored with superheros . as we hung out together watching the shows , i was as engrossed in the story as my son . then i noticed that my wife was intrigued ; and so were the grandparents ! the characters and plots are very well developed for a " cartoon " , so it is more like watching a dramatic series . watching the series allows you to pick up on sub-plots too ; like the attraction between batman and wonderwoman - jean jone 's struggle to find a place as the last of his people - and the entire groups struggle to work together as a cohesive team . another excellent buy to consider would be the spiderman the new animated series
10591: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i liked very much these series . you will enjoy every momets in this moives . it is deserve a place in my collection
10595: real: pos ; predicted: neg
with plenty of opportunity to be creative . the only downfall is that there is no way to download more cards from the internet . all in all though , i would highly recommend this software
10596: real: neg ; predicted: pos
before i review , i 'd like to clear something up : i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie . i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim , ghost in the shell : standalone complex . i absolutely love that show , and so i figured eventually i 'd have to get around to seeing the movie , which i knew full well shares no connection with the show . they 're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name , ( which i have not read , so i do n't know which is more accurate ) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way . there are many things i do n't like about this movie , the biggest being poor pacing . the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler , but that 's the biggest problem . there 's not really enough story to last a full-length feature , because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short . and since they did n't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes ( there are barely any , and they are n't very impressive for the most part ) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you wo n't understand more than 60% of , and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we 're looking at either nothing , or a woman 's nipples . that 's not cinematic artistry , that 's being either lazy or perverted . the animation itself is n't even that good , especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago . it 's choppy , and there 's not really a whole lot of detail ( except when it comes to women 's nipples ) . looking at just the animation , if i did n't know better , i 'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's . the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell . it 's probably kind of like how i did n't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i 'd been spoiled by batman the animated series , and could n't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman . everything about the tv series is superior to this movie : the animation , the stories , the character developement , the production values.. . i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is . in short , if you 're you 're at all interested in the gits franchise , do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead . you 'll find a lot to love , but i ca n't say the same about the movie . my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
10600: real: pos ; predicted: neg
ms office student and teacher edition 2003 is a versatile tool you can use for different purposes : office documents and presentations , school work and projects , correspondences , scrapbooks , pictures , etc. truly a great addition to your computer software
10605: real: pos ; predicted: neg
order received in good time - no problems . battery lifetimes are short - not as good as first original from dealer , but twice as good as poorer choice batteries from other suppliers
10606: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i made my order 5 / 26 / 06 and received my order 7 / 22 / 0
10610: real: pos ; predicted: neg
bought these batteries & charger just before going on an overseas trip . i did n't want to be bothered with frequently changing aa batteries , which seemed to last only a day or so of heavy use . i was quite pleased with the performance of these rechargeables . they lasted several days of heavy use before needing to be charged and they re-charged in only a few hours . a big bonus that i did n't expect : the recharger is compatible with european 240 voltage so i did n't have to use an electric converter !
10613: real: pos ; predicted: neg
stu 's wit and cleverness shines through on every page , making what could be only drab descriptions into entertainment even for those who know these tricks by heart . if you like this , get a copy of stuart crump 's *it 's yo-yo time ! * which includes not only tricks , but history , articles , and fiction on yo-yos - - all of top quality
10617: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the worst waste of money i have ever had . the only good thing about this mirror is the suction cups . 3x magnification ? ? ? more like 9x ! ! ! you have to have your face right on the mirror or it looks like you are standing by one of those funny distorted amusment park mirrors . my suggestion would be not to waste your money on it . its a joke
10618: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book was an amazing account of the spanish in north america . many of the themes that occur during this time period occur in almost every time period and place . dealing with religious intolerence , slavery , econmoy , unification , and the influence of all people on one another this book captures everything . themes this book expresses about this time period are even more evident in today 's information age as more people from different backgrounds and heritages come together on the internet . this was a good book to read , and made it easy to see the flaws and benefits of the past showing what not to , and what to , repeat
10622: real: neg ; predicted: pos
yep , this cd sucks . that depeche mode guy is really random , what makes you think anyone who is looking at the punk-o-rama review would be interested in depeche mode ? rem sucks too , michael stipe is the most self absorbed old bald guy ever .
10623: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've seen this item for no less than $7.00 elsewhere , so i got a good deal .
10625: real: neg ; predicted: pos
overall , i have always enjoyed robin william and billy crystal 's performance in many other movies , but i must admit to my surprise that it was n't making me laughing on the floor as i usually do . the script was boring and the plot was downright disppointing . did n't like the ending . it was like a stupid wild goose chase for both of them and end up accepting that the mother of the son lied to them . which is really a bad example for younger audience to see this and thinking it 's normal for mothers to lie . i hope someday to see both robin and billy to act together in another movie in the near future and hopefully better script than this one
10626: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i paid extra for air next day service . item was advertised as available and ready to ship immediately . item eventually arrived two weeks later . i had left for a trip . item was eventually sent back to merchant . merchant did n't credit me for item returned . i had to email merchant and wait for another 2 weeks before item was credited . i wo n't buy from willoughby 's again
10627: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book is geat for the whole family . the illitrations are fantastic and funny . it 's about pa who moved to california and sends a note to tell his familly to move to california . they take a stage coach from missorii to california and it took 21 days to get there . there are funny people in this book . ma in this book has a secret in the end so read the book to find out . buy this book for the kids and it will make them smile so much that there smile will stay there . so buy this book right now ! ! ! !
10628: real: neg ; predicted: pos
crikey ! ! ! ! what is this chunder ? wait a minute....art students from " down under " get together and make fun little songs while watching reruns of " the wiggles " , decide they can market these tunes to an adoring fan base ! yeah , this stuff could be the soundtrack to " forrest gump " alright . " run , forrest , run ! run as fast as you can from this crap ! ! ! " and these guys are touring , too ? are they touring with barney & friends ? there is not one thing of value to this other than that the cd itself makes a handy coaster for your foster's ..
10630: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there are two thing that i do n't like about this set . the curlers get too hot to handle and the lid is n't attached to the base which is very inconvenient . i would n't recommend them
10636: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these covers are pretty bad . some good ones have been done , cameron mcgill @ the uncommon ground tribute , big sir 's everybody here wants you is good , but this is bad , no matter what entertainment weekly 's review might say . avoid , buy a real jeff or tim album
10638: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm not a tech guy . but from a simple user 's standpoint , there is no reason whatsoever to change unless you just have to have a small change in appearance . about 1 / 2 the software you might have purchased that worked with xp wo n't work with vista . i was thinking that vista would be an improvement . but there is nothing there . just some minor superficial changes as far as i can tell . maybe for it people , there might be some big difference , but for your average user , there is no improvement at all . save your money . do n't buy it .
10639: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this product thrilled with the thought that i could use an epilator in the shower . even though that 's possible , the very last thing this product does is remove hair - - at least with the epilator head . the shaving head works fairly well , but a simple shaver would cost a lot less and shave as well or better . i ca n't believe panasonic thinks they 'll actually keep customers selling something this ineffective
10642: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this was a hugely disappointing film . i did not see it on stage nor do i want to if it is ever resurrected . it trivializes illness , death , god , heaven , range of human emotion and love in all forms . i have grown up in a post-aids world and can see so many problems far worse than aids.i am tired of listening to actors drone on in selfish pursuits . while america focuses on such banal subject matter , larger more urgent problems are clearly ignored by a society that thinks it has the luxury of still trying to come to grips with sexuality
10648: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is not what i expected from such a gifted artist as jaheim , did he change producers ? the music and the man with the voice did n't go together well for me . this is one i will not be purchasing , it is a serious down grade from his previous two albums . better luck next time , jaheim i was truly disappointed .
10651: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i can only imagine how painful it must of been to & quot ; act&quot ; in this film . after the first half hour it was like a train crash to watch . do anything you can to get out of sitting through this
10654: real: pos ; predicted: neg
to be or not to be is a comedy set during wwii . although it makes light of a tense time in history , it manages to maintain an air of respect and mischief to keep the viewer at ease . the story revolves around two actors in poland , maria and joseph tura . joseph ( jack benny ) specializes in overplaying hamlet and maria ( carole lombard ) specializes in seducing younger men in her dressing room as her husband begins his " to be or not to be " speech . the man she seduces is a soldier who draws her into a dangerous spy situation . although she is working for the allies , a nazi leader attempts to make her a spy for his cause . madcap comedy ensues as the actors attempt to get them out of the mess . the film is very funny thanks to the brilliant dialogue and acting . it is a real shame that carole lombard died after this film was made in a plane crash ; she proves to be a very beautiful and talented comedienne .
10657: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've had this camera for 2 years and i am glad that it broke so i can ( in good conscious ) buy a new camera . it is so slow that it is impossible to catch anything but the back of my kids heads as they run away because they got tired of saying " cheese " . i always thought the battery life was sufficient , and that the quality of the images was fine , but i hardly got good shots because of how slow the camera was . i 'd put the shoot button and it would take about 2 seconds before the camera would click . i actually sent it back to the manufacturer thinking there was something wrong with it , but they said it was functioning normally . it was probably the most disappointing $200 purchase i 've made
10658: real: neg ; predicted: pos
hugh farnham is a blue-collar survivalist who likes to play bridge . his college-age daughter karen , her friend barbara , his lawyer son duke , his alcoholic wife grace , and house servant joe are playing cards at his house the night the bombs hit . everyone scrambles to safety inside hugh 's modern bomb shelter . as the bombs fall and his wife is passed out , hugh starts up an affair with his daughter 's friend barbara , right in the shelter . as if hugh 's shallowness and arrogance was n't enough to turn you against the protagonist , this nauseating little scene will . when the shakes and quakes finally end , the family pours from the shelter to find themselves in an impossible , pristine , clean world . at first glance , it looks like utopia , but then as they settle into a rustic lifestyle they are suddenly set upon by an advanced race , imprisoned , and brought into a vastly different culture as slaves . somehow , hugh needs to find a way to break free of the civilization they are trapped in , so that he can be free with barbara . of all the apocalypse fiction , this book is the worst . the protagonist is so lowbrow , so arrogant , so unlikable , so self-centered , so shallow , so immoral that he simply cannot capture any interest . he 's not even a " love to hate " person . the dialogue is flatly emotionless and yet irritatingly flippant , and barbara and hugh 's constant prattlings of " darling , dear , and beloved " do not fit the characters . neither does hugh 's occasional spouting of words like " shall " and " sha n't " along with racial diatribes that include heavy use of the " n " word . there is little emotion from these one-dimensional characters even though they face the death of hugh 's daughter and barbara 's friend karen , cannibalism , castration ( hugh cared more about his " boys " than he did his real children ) , pedophilia , racism , and $exual slavery , they show no more feeling than they would biting into a doughnut . the entire plot-over-plot had a contrived and vapid feeling to it , as if the author himself did n't quite believe his story . and if he does n't believe , how can he expect the reader to ? overall , there is no depth or flavor in this story at all , other than the ugly aftertaste of a musty trailer park visit in the dusty twilight , as old men drink cheap stinking whiskey and the wind blows over the city dump next door . i recommend avoiding this book .
10659: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i got this bag for under $15 and it is worth every penny . it fits my canon zr850 and accessories . it looks nice and it seems to be a great quality .
10660: real: pos ; predicted: neg
everything i need to file my fed and state taxes . i did not expect the deduction pro to be included ; pleasely surprised . i have used taxcut for a few years now . i like the import of previous year tax data ( less typing ) . it seems h&r has an online version . it would be nice if their online version can import data from my purchased version . oh well , maybe next year
10661: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this stuff does not work at all ! i tried this because it was the only one of the lens repair solutions that did n't have negative feedback , save yourself money and do not buy this product . it looks just like nail polish and leaves the same kind of film on your lense
10663: real: pos ; predicted: neg
after much research i finally found the binoculars that fit my every need . the price was right , the delivery was right on schedule , and the product is excellent
10664: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a great new interface including control layout , easier than ever to use , and complete . there is no other product in this class . it looks great in xp and even sharper in vista . subject to some agreement with adbobe , you 'll have to download the free pdf writer from microsoft ( the beta came with it ) , but it works exactly the same and otherwise no suprises . the product is pricey and you may want to purchase a smaller release ( less applications in the suite ) depending on your needs
10665: real: pos ; predicted: neg
we really liked the cd of music from the sound track of the movie , elf. it was what we expected and we appreciated getting it promptly since it is christmas music and we we able to enjoy it all through the holiday season .
10666: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when this movie starts it is so dark you ca n't even see anything . the only way you can know what is going on it to read what amazon tells you . after that it is just stupid .
10667: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm amazed that people did n't like this book more.. . i am also a land arch student who had it as an assigned book that was rarely actually assigned . i was thumbing through it in hopes of generating ideas for another class and was amazed at the amount of usable information it contained . perhaps it is better digested in chunks instead of the whole . i found it great as a reference book
10672: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love this old documentary...capt clark gable does an excellent job narrating it , the color footage is a rare treat , and it gives an excellent insight into the day-to-day lives of those from the greatest generation . it is a real tribute to all the men who flew bombers in wwii and we need to remember their service and sacrifices . they fought a tougher war and sustained much greater losses than we have in iraq or afghanistan , plus they were gone for much longer periods and did n't have the technology such as email or video teleconferencing to keep in touch with their loved ones . we need to remember them , as we are losing them quickly and soon they may all be gone . but their legacy remains , and it is films like this one that preserves it
10675: real: pos ; predicted: neg
picked mine up used on ebay for $180. with the growth of the vr market everyone is dumping there old lenses . you can get a used one for a great price . this lens is great for the serious amatuer . i have taken some incredible pictures with this lens . the autofocus is a little slow and i have heard people complain about softness on the high end but i have a photo blown up to 20 x 17 taken from my d70 at 300mm . of course i shoot the photo on a tripod... . i have not experienced the softnes
10678: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" animal farm " is a personal favorite of mine . and i dont understand why this song does't get more recognition - in my opinion , the most underrated song ever written ( yes i know , its a bold statement ) . theres something about davies ' voice in " animal farm " that makes this song unforgettable - particularly in this part : ' while i lay my head upon my pillow little girl , come play beneath my window though she 's far from home she is free from harm and she need not fear she is by my side and the sky is wide so let the sun shine bright ' the build up to davies screaming " she is by my side " is really breathtaking . the title track and " starstruck " are just as excellent . this album is a real treat and should be in everybody 's collection
10681: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the best part about my ijoy 130 is the price i paid . day after xmas linens and things had only the floor model left . got 20% off of that plus signed up for the credit card to get another 10% off . 30% off made the chair $500 instead of $700. i am in it as i write this ! ! ! very nice and relaxing . sometimes the " percussion " setting is a little too hard in some spots but otherwise it 's great . i would agree that i wish it went a little further up the neck . i just sit a little lower in the chair for it . not sure if it 's worth $700 just because that 's alot of money but i 've got no problem with $500. i think my wife and i will get alot of use out of it
10682: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there is only one 100% whole grain bread recipe in this book . most of them are less than 50% whole grain . if you want healthy bread recipes try " breadtime " by cheney or " the laurel 's kitchen bread book " by robertson . every recipe in both of those books is 100% whole grain . i doubt that most people considering a book titled " whole grain breads.. . " are looking for recipes that contain just a small portion of whole grain ingredients . with that being said i thought the book had some good recipes and was well written . therefore , i am willing to give it 2 stars as opposed to none .
10684: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the good - this software completely locks down email access , internet access , network access etc. the bad - this software completely locks down email access , internet access , network access etc. the ugly . i bought a new notebook i was going nuts trying to figure out why outlook would n't send / receive emails , my wireless connection would n't work , why new software i was installing would n't update over the web , it was taking 5-10 minutes just to restart the computer ! ! ! hmmm all these issues started after installing internet security 2005. to be fair i said ok , better make sure i have this set up right...so i took a step back , went to symantec 's site and spent time learning to properly configure the settings , software etc. ok great , my bad right ? wrong . when i tried adding comcast 's server addresses to the trusted list nis 2005 would freeze up , i would have to reboot , and 10min later the same thing . to make a long story short , i would not reccomend this product for anyone with less than 110% of patience and complete understanding of the product installation and set up . the best thing about nis 2005 was it only took 5 minutes to uninstall .
10685: real: neg ; predicted: pos
taxcut did not warn me that i needed to fill out additional forms required for taking the exemption for a qualified child , nor did it lead me through the schedule c like turbotax does . turbotax may be more expensive , but it 's well worth it to save the headaches that this program caused . if you have complicated tax forms or unusual tax situations ( or prefer an intuitive program , rather than something that makes you say " what am i supposed to do next ? ? ? " ) stick with turbotax
10689: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book places too much emphasis on spending money instead of eating...well if we all had money to burn that would be a wonderful lifestyle . read " the fat fallacy " instead , it provides much more practical information
10695: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have been a long-time radiohead fan and , like many others , have been waiting patiently for a live dvd . so i was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist . it never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old ! i could n't help being disappointed when i watched this dvd . the constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch . in fact , i only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust . i know i would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime . i 've always that radiohead was modern , progressive , and totally innovative . i appreciate their old music but they have come a long way since pablo honey.. . and it does n't help that before every song , thom mutters " this is a new one . "
10696: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a huge fan of elvis costello and ran to the shop as soon as i read the great reviews of this album , what a mistake ! ! ! very few of the arrangements offer an improvement over the original version . the cardboard cut salsa montuno of ' clubland ' sounds as classy and natural as a plastic flamingo and the wonderful ska sound of ' watching the detectives ' is lost in a jazz arrangement that does n't offer much to the melody . elvis ' voice is not suited the long sustained notes of ' almost blue ' and most of the songs . it worked well on his ' juliet letters ' album because the brodsky quartet played for his style but with the clean and crisp sound of the metropole orkest it is just painful . for me , ' hora decubitus ' is the only song worth listening from this musical jumble
10697: real: neg ; predicted: pos
tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables
10701: real: pos ; predicted: neg
you definetly should read this book ! do n't believe what the 1 star writers are saying . they do n't want you to know the truth ! the left claims that bin laden would never side with saddam because of their beliefs , yet the left is adamant that osama bin laden was funded by the united states . go figure ! we all knew there was a connection and stephen hayes demonstrates so with great care ! there is a connection with al qaeda and iraq and the book explains it in detail
10704: real: neg ; predicted: pos
carlos mencia is one edgy comedian ; i know this because he wo n't stop telling everyone about it . i 've never been a huge fan of carlos and after listening to this cd my opinion of him has n't really changed . he claims to be an edgy comedian and that 's his problem , if he was truly edgy he would n't have to constantly remind us in his cd / dvd titles , his show on comedy central , radio / tv interviews and most importantly during his own act . sure he talks about very racial and socially taboo subjects but so does chris rock , george lopez , david cross , george carlin , dave chappelle , richard pryor ( rip ) and countless other comedians and they are much better at it . in fact they are so good at it mr. mencia often feels to need to use some of these comedian 's jokes in his own act , a true sign of respect for those who came before them ; at least that 's what carlos seems to think or maybe he 's just plagiarizing because he 's not funny enough to come up with descent material . needless to say i was not laughing while listening to this cd and it was n't because i find carlos to mean spirited , or crass , or politically incorrect ; it 's because everything he talks about that 's supposed to be so gosh darn edgy has already been said by other people who are much more funny then he is . there is so much good stand up comedy out there people do n't waste your time and money on this joke stealing , self aggrandizing hack .
10706: real: pos ; predicted: neg
upgrading to the tz3 from a 4yr old canon 3.2 megapixel . waited a few months to purchase when i heard the tz1 was being updated . with the tz3 , panasonic has fixed the main complaints about the tz1 which were : no build in lens cover , noisy images at higher iso speeds . imo , the build in lens cover alone is wirth the price permium over the tz1. as others have said , this camera has a great build quality , easy operation , and a high-quality look . i ordered the black model and was pleasantly surprised when i opened the box . it has the look of a retro 35mm cartridge camera , which is cool . the chrome ( or polished stainless steel , cant tell ) , is first rate and looks great with the matte black case . the lcd is huge and bright . the camera 's " simple mode " does a great job the the other modes are fully customizable . the zoom is fantastic , but you need a really steady hand at full zoom , even with optical stabilization turned on . i did take some surprisingly sharp shots zoomed way in from my car as i came across a herd of deer . shot to shot speed is really great , unless you are using the flash . the red-eye reduction works better than any other digital camera i have used . overall , i am extremely pleased . if you are looking for a great zoom camera in a small form factor , you should seriously consider the dmc-tz3
10709: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was very happy with the previous model dsc-n1 , which took very nice pictures just with pointing and shooting . but this one , while i only had chance to use it indoors and outdoor in raining weather , it really disappointed me . the pictures are always blured due to too much exposure , i used auto flash , for which the camera should takes nice pictures as it is a point and shoot camera and it is 10.1mp ! i 'm going to try more when the weather gets better but most possible i will return it , i just ca n't accept the quality of the indoor pictures it takes . i doubt i was unlucky and got a bad one , i ca n't believe a 10.1mp sony camera takes so poor pictures . and after reading the previous review about the terrible sony custmer servce , i decide i will avoid sony customer service , and the camera will just be returned . note : found the review by cecelia choy " cece " on march 13 , 2007 mentioned the same problem i had . i did n't have this problem with my previous model dsc-n1. april 17 , 2006 : i bought a new one and it takes nice pictures now ! suggestion for those having the same problem i had before - - exchange for another one ! !
10710: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is an adorable movie . it 's low-budget and the acting is not spectacular , but nevertheless , it 's a cute story with sexy characters and an impressive , unique plot . conrad is a successful , attractive man recently heart-broken . venturing into the unknown , he hires a sex worker for the night . as it turns out , his hired man , ian , is quite the catch - - a young , charming , sexy australian trying to save money to stay in the country . soon enough , ian is in conrad 's life every day , though not as you may think . as ian moves into conrad 's social life , everyone 's issues come to the surface . love stories unfold and redevelop , problems at home collide with life at work , the truth behind ian 's need to do sex work comes out , and everyone is in for a wake-up call about life and what they need . basically , it 's genuine , it 's cute and charming , and it deals with real-life problems , most of which just happen to be gay , a definite plus in my book . so give its budget a break and sit back and enjoy a film well-worth seeing .
10713: real: pos ; predicted: neg
their 4th album as a complete group ( not counting the few album havoc & prode'je put out ) is my least favorite of the 4 scc albums i have ( i do n't have the one from 1992 or 2005 ) , but it still gets itself a 4 star rating . out of the 13 songs on here none are vclassics or worth skipping ; 4 are ok and the other 9 are good . like all their albums , guests are minimal and are on are on 2 of the 13 songs . production is mostly handled by prode'je ( as with all their albums ) he does get a little help from robert " fonksta " bacon & tomie mundie . a good album to have for scc fans but not their best work . #1 - 8 #2 - 8 #3 - 7.5 #4 - 7.5 #5 - 7 #6 - 8 #7 - 8.5 ( f / c-bo , spice 1 , prophet - -- - also on their " gangsta conversation " album ) #8 - 9 ( f / daz dillinger - - - good beat ) #9 - 8 #10 - 9 ( good beat , deeper song - - my favorite on here ) #11 - 8 #12 - 8 ( another deeper song ) #13 - 7.5 scc is - - - havikk , prode'je , havoc , l.v. , dj gripp , dj kaos check all my review
10717: real: pos ; predicted: neg
all i have to say is great album
10718: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i just started taking this pill because i do n't have time to eat at the job i was previously at . it helped a lot ! ! i did lose 8 pound in 1 week . but when i started an office job , i had more than enough time to eat , but i still kept up with taking the pill . it helps with my hunger , it really does . i used to be so hungry and fill up my plate more than i can eat ! now since taking this pill i am sensible with my portions and do not rush to eat as if i 'm starving like before . i agree with one of the reviews , if you still eat when you 're not hungry , this pill will not help you . you have to have the in mind that you want to help yourself eat better , slower and sensible portions .
10719: real: neg ; predicted: pos
never recueved the product . waiting for refund for over 6 weeks
10720: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what else can be said about this great cd ? it 's one of the best pop records ever made and you never get sick of hearing these 10 songs . " child of vision " is the best ( the piano solo is killer ) of the best , but this is one of those rare cd 's that you just pop in and let the entire thing play till the end ( no skipping over songs you do n't like ) . a true classic
10723: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the population of hong kong is approximately 7 million people . i 'd say that about half of them get shot in this movie . usually when a movie runs over 2 hours , it 's because there 's a lot of plot that the director wanted to squeeze in . in the case of hard boiled , the running time of 126 minutes was clearly necessitated by john woo 's desire to get into the guinness book of records for " most people killed by gunfire in a single motion picture . " chow yun-fat is a charismatic actor who can bring a wonderful balletic grace to gunplay , and this movie gives him plenty of opportunity to show his stuff . he shoots ( usually with a pistol in each hand ) while diving headlong over furniture , while swinging from a rope , while sliding down a banister ( ! ) , while being hurled through the air by explosions . sometimes he even shoots while standing still . and he shoots , and shoots , and shoots . and the bad guys shoot , and shoot , and shoot . and yun-fat 's fellow cops shoot , and shoot , and - - you get the idea . there are some fine action scenes in this film , but my eyes were glazing over long before it ended . there was n't enough to distinguish one scene of a bunch of people being machine-gunned from the next , and it became painfully repetitious . personally i would highly recommend the replacement killers over hard boiled . there 's plenty of yun-fat 's balletic shoot-em-up action , but not so much that you find yourself in the odd position of being lulled to sleep by gunfire
10724: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there 's a ton of paper in this book , overboard , in my opinion . wading through the pages in search of a hike is downright laborious . i 've taken quite a few of the sierra hikes and the information has n't been detailed enough to really give me a feel for what to expect on the trail . they miscalculated the mileage and sometimes the elevation . i think it would be a better book if they chopped out half of the listings and concentrated on the truly best hikes in california
10733: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this album is hard ! e-40 always come sic wit it . if you do n't got it , ya betta git it . it reminds me of his ( my fav . ) & quot ; i a major way&quot ; album . sluppin ' from intro till outro . he is the bay area 's finnest . please belave it
10739: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i tried the trick of resizing , but honestly , the image quality is still abyssmal . the images are so low-resolution that only the vaguest of detail comes out . please , if you 're thinking of buying this for someone for christmas this year , choose something else . it might be okay for someone with low standards or poor eyesight , but for anyone who can see well and knows what a good digital image looks like , this will be a huge disappointment . the good news is that in a few years these digital keychains will have advanced and will offer much better performance - that 's almost guaranteed . so put this one on the " must buy for mom " list for the 2008 christmas season . i very seldom write a review , and only wrote this one to keep people from making the same mistake i did
10740: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i agree with reviewer steve - anything less than a few hundred feet and these binocs are worthless . the paper works says the " may " focus down to 35' . maybe some will but not certainly not my pair . i am returning them since they are not good for simple viewing around the yard . and no , the rubber eye caps absolutely will not stay back making these binocs almost unusable by people with glasses ( like me ) . scot
10745: real: neg ; predicted: pos
you were kind enough to replace my first order of these razors due to the fact that one never worked and the other wore out quickly . the second pair seems to be pretty much the same . one sputs and spurts and the other works only when i shake and tap it several times . i used to own another brand of these razors that were great , but i ca n't recall the name , unfortunately . i am very disappointed in the product , but i 'm very satisfied with amazon and the way in which they are trying to please me every way they can
10746: real: neg ; predicted: pos
not exactly the " vaults " blowing open , as stated in the promo . these are mostly leftovers and one-offs from the late 1990s , when the group was on hiatus from serious recording . that 's why the set is overloaded with forgettable jingles from television shows , literary journals and graphic design firms . whats good is the material that was recorded for albums and subsequently rejected , such as " reprehensible " , " rest awhile " and " certain people i could name " . but there are too few of these real songs , and they 'd have fit a lot better on that long-awaited b-sides collection from their major label career
10753: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this for my wife so she could pull out the camera , turn it on , and take a nice photo . flash works well , unlike some reviews i 've read . battery life appears to be fine also . this is a small , light camera , measuring 3 1 / 2 " wide , 2 1 / 4 " tall , and 3 / 4 " deep when turned off . not exactly a credit card , but likely as close to one as you 're gonna get . camera opens up instantly , takes a nice photo whether with or without flash , battery life appears ok , and controls are easy to use- -either in figuring them out or using your fingers on them . nice big screen 2 1 / 4 by 1 1 / 2 , so you can easily see what 's going on- -a nice plus . this camera also has a nice " reminder " listing on the right of the display , so you can see flash setting ( on , off , etc. ) , iso setting for those of you that use that , and very nice way to access the other controls shown for the auto focus , self-timer , antishake , iso sensitivity , white background ( am i losing you yet ? ) , and so on . one point to remember is that this listing is arranged from most-likely-to-use to least-likely , so the user interface has been a strong consideration in the design of this camera . i 've gotten some nice pictures with this , with and without flash . a nice pick . why not 5 stars ? cuz i 've also bought a more expensive digital camera that gives me more choices , although for the price this camera is fine and it 'd be one i 'd buy again , but it is n't the equal of dig cams with 6x optical zooms , separate iso settings , and all those other techie things that , frankly , are n't that important to a lot of users but which do need to be considered in a rating . do buy a carrying case , as i have done , so the camera does n't get scratched or lost cuz it'z so small . i do n't have any " special fear " about this but it 's also easy to buy a small carrying case to stash this into , so why not do it ? as in all my reviews , i have no financial interest one way or the other in what i review . also , do n't forget you are likely to want a bigger memory card to store pix , and maybe a second battery to swap out when needed . consider these additional costs , but also consider these additional costs apply to any camera you buy .
10759: real: neg ; predicted: pos
please be aware of this camera 's shock sensitivity i was pretty happy with this all-in-one compact camera until it had to be repaired for the second time . it 's sensitivity to vibration or a slight bump while the lens is out is way too sensitive for the real world . the result is it loses it 's ability to focus and zoom . it did n't help that it commonly powered on while in a pocket , with the lens protruding , thereby causing unintentional harm to the lens assembly . the first time it happened casio repaired it under warranty . the second time it was outside of warranty and the repair center wanted $137 to repair it - that 's more than 1 / 3 the original purchase price . i wo n't reinvest in a weak product . i 'd rather put that money into a new camera altogether
10760: real: neg ; predicted: pos
jonny 's conversion is fine and i hope he is happy , but this album was not good if you are expecting the blues guitar work of his early albums . if you want christan rock maybe this could be for you , but he missed the mark with me big time
10767: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the dictators are incredible . few bands can alternativly spoof and embrace the rock ' n ' roll ideals as these guys have , and their spinal-tap-meets-ramones-mees-beach-boys style almost always works - almost . " manifest destiny " is a dissapointing release from the ' tators . i mean its not a bad album , but the guys can do much better than this . there are a few good songs . " disease " is hilarious , particulary the spoken word act from handsome dick at the begining . " science gone too far " is one of the band 's catchiest tunes , proving they were as good as any of the big names from the 60s . their closing cover of the stooges ' " search & destroy " is an okay interperatation of the classic . however , that 's about it . the rest are mostly humorless fm-style rockers , and while the dictators were n't selling out , they were certainly trying to become more accesible . download those three tunes , and pick up every other album by the band
10769: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i installed norton antivirus 2007 immediately after installing windows vista , office 2007 and other software on a new computer . installation ran smoothly . liveupdate ran automatically and updated the product without a hitch . norton antivirus 2007 not only detects viruses , it detects spyware and rootkits as well . it has an inbound firewall , and apparently some limited outbound firewall capabilities . it does not protect against phishing , identity theft , or spam , nor does it contain full outbound firewall protection . when installed on windows vista , norton antivirus takes over for windows defender and the windows firewall . i did not expect the latter ; symantec should have made it more clear that this product includes a software firewall . norton antivirus integrates well with windows security center . norton antivirus 2007 is noticeably quicker both in normal operation and during full scans than previous versions . norton antivirus has always performed well in industry comparisons against other antivirus products . the only other product that i would use myself is mcafee virusscan , but i have always felt that norton antivirus does a more aggressive job of protecting my system . for those of you installing norton antivirus 2007 as an upgrade , i would highly recommend that you first remove any existing norton security products using add / remove programs in the control panel . then , download and run the norton removal tool from the symantec site to make sure that it 's all gone . to see a comparison chart of the norton 2007 windows protection products as of this posting date , browse to symantec 's site , click on " norton 2007 products " under home products , click on related link " view all products " and then click " compare " next to pc security .
10772: real: pos ; predicted: neg
ms. phillips certainly knows how to tug at those heart strings ! i felt as though i were right there with mac and sammy jo , feeling the emotions they felt . this is a great story that proves that true love can happen when it 's least expected and that true love always prevails . i recommend this book to any romance lover
10776: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera is the best point and shoot cameras for the money . just think of what you are getting . not just a 7.2mp camera , but a lica lens and technology . not a bad deal . the images are not bad when printed . on a scale of 0-10 , 10 beining the best , i give this camera an 8. david the photog in chicago
10777: real: pos ; predicted: neg
in the third season carter is finally a doctor , and all hell breaks loose for the characters . the season especially deals with hiv / aids , violence in the workplace , unwanted pregnancy , etc.. . it won a lot of awards and is much fun to watch
10779: real: neg ; predicted: pos
casual book browsers who stumble across braden 's book , " the isaiah effect , " might undoubtedly be drawn to the implications of the title : that there exists some mystical , unifying code which is only now being fully understood through modern techniques , research , and understanding . i , as one such browser , had briefly read about the so-called " bible code " which computers have now enabled man to explore and thought that the subject of this book might be related . with my interest piqued at the title and the book description , i delved into the pages expecting to learn exactly what encompassed isaiah 's " precise instructions " of prayer . i wanted to know exactly what braden claimed to have stumbled upon . what i found in this 250 page foray into countless subjects was nothing other than a pastiche of new-thought concepts . the mixing of religions , for example - a sort of pick-and-choose spirituality which has slowly been creeping its way into the mainstream for decades - is recycled over and over again , drawing from endless sources of gnostic gospels and other lost books . in only one chapter does braden actually begin to describe in detail verses from the book of isaiah . instead he relegates the books of the essenes to positions of higher authority and prominence . in the brief pages in which braden actually does discuss isaiah , his conclusions speak nothing of a decoded lost science . his basic premise of " the effect " is that people can alter their futures by the choices they make in the present . such a revelation is not a new interpretation of isaiah at all . any student of the bible and christianity knows that all the prophetic books of the old testament are records of god warning israel , and the world , of turning away from him . to braden 's credit , his discussions of the effects of prayer in today 's society are commemorable , albeit somewhat misguided . i agree with him that people in today 's society need to turn away from the petty details of life with which they 've surrounded themselves . however , i believe braden over-emphasizes the role of feelings and emotion in prayer . he fails to discuss how humans , and their emotions , are extremly fallable and can change as quickly as the winds in his anecdotes . braden wants desperately to believe that the true power of prayer is to be found in all the lost science which he has uncovered in ancient texts . in the process he fails to recognize that the blueprint for prayer has been known to man ever since he was created . humbleness before god and the filling of the holy spirit are the true keys to prayer - not cosmic emotions and human feelings . a disappointing read
10783: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the concept is cute , although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them , but the main problem is that they give you hat hair , compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head . regular glasses go in between the hairs , so everything fluffs out . if you never take off your reading glasses , have a buzz cut , are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head ( but be careful of buns ) , the clic connect reader may be fine for you . otherwise , conventional glasses are a better bet
10786: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have many robot books and this is the best and most informative book of all . it is easy to understand and read ; i personally could n't put it down . i wish it was twice as long while still marinating the high info density.. . most authors just babble and every few pages actually tell you something ; this is not the case with this book ! the programming of a robot is everything.. . and behavior based programming is the only way to go . this book provides a very good intro into that very subject . the only complaint i have is not about the book but his robot simulation program on is website which is referred to in the text . it seems to be rather slow and over taxing for the pc , but being a java app it 's not that surprising . highly recommended to anyone building robots
10789: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i basically love anything mr. carter does , but this one has alot of great lyrics ( as usual ) . i 'm so glad he 's coming out of retirement . any fan of jay-z will enjoy this cd
10791: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my wife and i both love this . in our opinion the thicker plastic tines offer a more comfortable and pleasurable " head trip " than the trippers one might find in the mall . the vibrations make it better than the non-vibrating head trippers but are not overwhelming . another benefit of this particular device is that it is able to be completely disassembled and packed to be taken with you on travelsor on vacations . it 's a pretty simple device , sold at a reasonable cost , and in my opinion is a better implementation than the metal ones
10792: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i read the review saying simple start did n't have enough features and would lead to upgrading to get a usable version . despite the warning , i thought i could get away with simple start because i was buying the program for bookkeeping at a tiny church and would be putting few demands on the program . even for my simple needs , it was a bust i had to upgrade to pro for an additional $100. if quicken is n't enough for your needs , get pro .
10796: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a chore this book was to read . if it were n't for my ocd about finishing books that i start , i would 've read the first couple of chapters and then given up . it seems like a wannabe-suspense , but it 's not . it seems like there might be a love story in it , but there 's not . it feels like there might be a creepy angle in it , but there is not . what i can gather about this book is that the author thinks she 's going to connect all these people with different circumstances and perspectives together by one tragedy . she tries to make a connection , but falls way short . read vinegar hill - that one was worth it . pass midnight champagne by
10798: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this to convert some .avi and .mov files so i could try video podcasting with a web multimedia class i teach . i 've done this successfully with a shareware product , but thought the resulting video could be a little sharper , so i was willing to pay for and try a commerical product . ( pinnacle , right ? they do a lot of this stuff , they must know what they 're doing . . . . ) ha ! ! ! ! huge mistake . the interface is horrible , and the conversion just-plain-sucks . everything came out in flouescent colors with huge blocks covering the screen . totally , completely unwatchable . it looks like a 60s psychedellic experience , like " motion art , " not like a proper video at all . avoid this product ! !
10800: real: neg ; predicted: pos
while there are some flashes of brilliance in this album , it is compromised by a lack of direction . the ' tastes so sweet ' mix of rapture is beautiful , although cut far too short . faithless , afrika bambaataa & amp ; soulsonic , and crystal method are all good driving tracks at the tail end of this album . the high point , without contest , is darude 's ripping mix of rising star 's ' touch me' . this is a cut to throw on for the peak.. . when you find the party is just outside of barstow with hunter . that said , then there are all the uninspired tracks in the center of the album . these are more appropriate in an adolescent brit girl 's drawer next to the spice girls . for some labels , this would be normal , for ministry however , it is a dissapointment
10802: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw this back in 1985 when if first came out . it was wonderful . at first , i thought it was going to be one of those historical / tourist shows . but it wasn't . it could have been , though . mr. wood is a very charismatic presenter . but is what 's better is that he took the story of the story of the trojan war from the pages of modern myth to reality . i have read homer and i knew about schlieman , but other than that , i was ignorant of the trojan war . mr. wood started with what a regular person knew about the war and then took it into deeper level . i was fascinated by the connection he made to the hittite empire . the thought had never occurred to me that if a troy did exist , it might have trade relations with empires to the east . he also included experts in the fields of archeology , modern history and history of the period . i thouroughly enjoyed the dvd and have seen it several times . i also have the alexander dvd and shakepeare . " in search of shakespeare " , was fun . wood took the story of shakespeare down to the center of his human story . i would recommend all the wood " in search of.. . " programs . if you ca n't find the films , then read the books . the books are just are entertaining .
10809: real: neg ; predicted: pos
worked alright for a few months . i was n't especially pleased with the shave quality i.e. skin irritation , hair pulls . i figured that this would go away as i was transitioning from a straight electric shaver to one with rotary heads . it didn't . the bigger disappointment was that removing the head for cleaning out hair was n't easy and resulted in breakage , no doubt due to the cheap plastic used . never again
10812: real: pos ; predicted: neg
very happy with this purchase . received it in a reasonable time and at a great price including the rebate for signing up for an [...] credit card . it is easy to use and seems more accurate than the wrist type monitors . i like the history feature in order to determine the average blood pressure over a long period of time since pressures change daily ! good machine especially since it has an ac adapter so that there is no need to change batteries frequently ! also , the intellisense feature makes sure the cuff is always properly inflated before readings
10814: real: neg ; predicted: pos
too difficult to program , have had 2 weeks and still have not been able to complete process , instructions stay on screen too short a time , all i am able to get is weight , cannot see other information on screen unless on floor and right on top of it , would send back but too much of a hassel and expense , too expensive for a scale that is only to give me my current weigh
10815: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i 1st watched requiem from the darkness i had high hopes for an anime show i heard that could actually by scary . to my dissappointment this show was not scary at all but a mockery of anything that is anime . this show has good animation is some spots with some deformed shapes of people . the strengths of the show however primarily rely on its soundtrack which is above average but nothing amazing . also the last straw with this show was the horrible depictions of people being graphically murdered . this show is disgusting because of these potrayals a brothers murdering each / husband killing wife after wife / a man who enjoys murder / and very very intense sexual situations of insects and once again family members murdering each other . i recommend this show to no one and i believe geneon has made a mistake licensing it . if you do n't heed my review then you have wasted your money on a dvd not worth a penny ( i would n't take it for free )
10819: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've been using norton antivirus 2002 with annual updates of patches forever with norton internet security 2003. now that it 's time to renewal norton antivirus , i thought i switch to trend micro internet secuirty 2005 after all the glowing wins it received from certain mainstream computer magazines . i like norton 2002 but it was a memory resident hog in the taskmanager considering i was running a p3 500 laptop with 196mb on winxp pro , resources are valuable . also newer norton antivirus version were a hit and miss . after also reading reviews at amazon , i took the plunge with trend micro . my review of this product can be best summarize along with it 's relations to norton antivirus 2002 ( updated ) . pros of trend micro 2005 : 1. fastest virus scan i 've seen . i have not find any virus in my system yet whereas norton would fail in about .01% of the time ( i.e. one stalling virus every year ) . 2. check incoming and outgoing mail like norton 3. scan selected files as i chose just like norton 4. alert and block virus threats 5. monitor nearby wifi connection 6. $25 mail in rebate making the price net at $15. ( it 's been 2 months since i 've mailed it and not received it yet ) . 7. uses about 10mb of system background resources versus norton 's 30mb . cons against trend micro 2005 : 1. very annoying auto-virus update every day that i log on the internet . i only have a 56k connection and updating takes 5 minutes . i 'm not trying to save the internet but everyday update may be a bit too much so i would prefer to have a preference setting that i can choose myself . norton is not as annoying . 2. on a wifi network , trend micro firewall failed 5 of the gibson research shields up test . ports were open . norton internet firewall close all major holes except for the non-critical ones which was n't a big worry . i ended up disabling trend micro firewall and using the norton firewall instead as it 's a full software and much better analysis and deeper protection . 3. anti-spam and data protection were subpar as i got advertisements and pop-up from certain websites like west cost major newspaper . using norton firewall stops them dead ; never seen them again . 4. still waiting for rebate . overall , i think using trendmicro internet security 2005 for it 's fast virus check and a separate norton internet firewall is the ideal combo for me . on it 's own merit , trend micro would be perfect only if ram and other resources are low as the case with my laptop but i would n't mind using norton if i had plentiful more ram .
10820: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this new version of illustrator is great , glad i upgraded ! the live trace feature is cool
10822: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this was a terrible purchase on my part . it does n't even deserve 1 star . i just wanted a small bag to wear over the shoulder for quick access to my z7590 without holding other equipment or being too bulky . the bag was too small for my z7590 , and i paid $8 shipping plus return shipping . i only hope they do n't charge me a re-stocking fee . i went to walmart , found a cute little bag in the electronics dept . that the camera fits great in , with room for the strap and extra memory cards or battery if necessary . they have cute ones for ladies too , with pink polka dots or stripes inside ! for only $12. next time , i 'll be smarter !
10823: real: neg ; predicted: pos
gotta love the flashback to the sixties that is reflected in every scene of this movie ( of course , it was just a product of its time- -the mid-60s- -it 's not a film trying to recapture the era..it is the era ) . still the storyline is slim and the going slow . interesting scenes appear here and there . the parts are definitely better than the whole . there 's an intriguing idea in here it just never gets developed as it should . actually , thinking about it in retrospect is more interesting than watching it was . it 's subtle , i 'll grant you that . and a nice character study....and yet... . ? we were counting the minutes left in the film by the end ( " only 25 minutes left in the film and then we can get back to our lives ! " ) so that 's not a good sign
10826: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really wanted to give superman volume 3 a full 5 stars , but unfortunately the quality control of the dvd release is poor , hence the 1 star rating . the dvd set i purchased skipped at the green lantern episode . the replacement i got also skipped at the same place . in addition , the two-sided disc format with which all three dvd volumes have been released is a damage prone format . luckily i was able to get a full refund , but at this point i 'm not sure if or when i 'll try my chance at buying this set again . the lack of quality control is too bad , because volume 3 contains some of the best episodes of the whole series . if you are fortunate enough to get a dvd set free of defects , then you are really in for a treat . bruce timm and company bring the same high level of storytelling to superman as they did on batman : the animated series . of particular note is an ongoing subplot involving the villain darkseid throughout the series . it finally gets put front and center in several episodes of volume 3 , and leads straight to the very powerful and dramatic series finale . i felt that the finale could have been written out across three episodes instead of two due to the scale of the story , but nevertheless it is a great ending for a great series
10835: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the purpose of nessus is to provide an open source solution for network auditing on all unix like systems . this book not only details using nessus but also comes with a cd containing the program , as well as ethereal , snort , and newt ( a port of the program to the windows environment ) . what is a network assessment ? at its basic level it is an attempt to detect a live system and then identify the computing environment , services , applications , and vulnerabilities on that system . basically there are two types of assessment - internal and external . an internal assessment is done over the local network and external is done from outside the lan . nessus will do both types and the book details how to do either , or both of them . the authors do an excellent job of detailing installation , setup , and how to interpret the results of a scan as well as various factors that can affect the report . one of the parts not to be missed is the discussion of not only the benefits but also the potential problems of scanning your system . some of the vulnerability types scanned for include buffer overflows , default passwords , backdoors , information leaks , and denial of service . the nessus scripting language is covered in detail in appendix a instead of the main portion of the book ; a choice i appreciated very much as it allowed the flow of the book to not be interrupted by such a highly technical section . with open source products there generally is no organized technical support phone number you can call of help . so , the authors include information on how to get help via the nessus user community , mailing lists , and archives . nessus network auditing is a highly recommended book for anyone interested in auditing their network to find potential problems before they become reality
10842: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this hair dryer did dry my hair quickly . but , it quit working after a month . i exchanged it for another just like it and the same thing happened a few weeks later . the buttons were also hard to switch . this was a waste of money . i ended up buying a completely different hair dryer
10843: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this cd is 100% pure junk ! the cd is sung by kids ! they have high-pitched voices that are n't even good enough to win the school talent show . the other singers are adults who have voices that are n't anything impressive , either . if the songs were sung by the original singer it would of been better . stop this s****y music !
10846: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i gave birth i had already bought packages of newborn huggies . they were horrible . i thought once my boys got older that maybe huggies would work then . nope . i 've tried huggies supreme and the cheap huggies . they are both made horribly and after your child goes in them once they sag so bad you have to go change them . i thought since everyone always talks about pull-ups that they would work once potty training time came around . wrong again . they leaked evertime he wore them . do not waste you money . i always ended up going back to the pampers swaddlers , cruisers , and training pants . pampers are the best .
10848: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after months of searching , i found the out of print cd here . i had never heard it , but after hearing the fabulous song & quot ; my only&quot ; from the & quot ; good as it gets&quot ; movie soundtrack , i had to hear the album . what a disappointment ! oh well , it would have been hard to make a cd as good as that song
10853: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i looked a many other back support pads . some were too big , and others were just complicated . the obus forme side to side is perfect . it is very light weight and small , therefore , very portable . i use it in the car and take it with me to the office . the strap on the back fits well around any chair back , although , i have found i do n't need to use it because it stays put
10855: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i got this telescope for my desk at work because i have a decent view . it stinks , i think i can see better with my naked eye . plus you can not focus it because the slider is so stiff . i guess i will be buying another telescope now
10859: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if i had $1 for every time a cs2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , i 'd have about $10. and that 's enough for me to say , beware of this set of applications ! adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs ( but principally golive , indesign and illustrator , in that order ) are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . i cannot stress how disappointed i am in adobe , and how distraught i am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . in any event , do not buy the cs2 apps , adobe does not deserve your support
10860: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i thought my jvc digital camera was handy , easy to use and worked pretty well for what it was.. . then one day at my daughter 's ballet show , i turned it on ( i made sure i charged it all night ) and it would n't record . it kept saying that the lens cap was on . i am so frustrated and sad . i spent a good chunk of money on this item and do n't know what happened.. . still do n't have a way of recording my daughter 's milestones... . do n't buy it , if you have other options .
10862: real: pos ; predicted: neg
considered one of coltrane 's ' searching ' periods , this cd has a lot to offer in the way of understanding trane 's restless nature . never one to stand on laurels , coltrane does indeed continue to set the bar ' higher ' every time out . this one is mostly ballad and blues based , with the exeption of 2 tracks in particular which stand out - on both ends of the trane spectrum . track #2 , " i love you " finds him playing furious , cerebral runs on the instrument , and , frankly , not as ' listenable ' as one may like ; whereas the track with donald byrd is as ' in the pocket ' as you 'll ever hear . all in all , a very realistic look at a genius in motion
10865: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i would have liked a more real story in this dvd
10866: real: neg ; predicted: pos
to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad . the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky ( rodney eastman ) was in the movie . ( for about 5 mins ) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
10867: real: neg ; predicted: pos
guys...it 's not that good . i have the album on my computer , and i gave it a few listens , but...it has no substance . it 's not interesting or anything new . it 's catchy . and irritating , after more than a song or two . that 's all ( " bandages " is enjoyable once in a while , i will concede ) . if you 're looking for catchy and poppy ( and there 's nothing wrong with that ) , then buy it . if you want something new and original - don't . and if you want good indie dance / electronica-type music go for something like the faint , the bravery , or le tigre .
10868: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do not buy ! ! ! great movie bad studio ! ! it has been announced that new line is replacing peter jackson as the director of the hobbit . the only way to stop this injustice is to hit them were it hurts the wallet . do not buy or see anything new line till the hobbit is returned to its rightful director ! ! !
10870: real: pos ; predicted: neg
received my pack of 4 in 2 days with the free ship option . shop-rite sells individual box for 8.99 , so even the regular price of $32 beat that . the $10 additional promotion was icing on the cake
10872: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this was our first bob dvd and maybe i just chose wrong . my son waited for the theme song the whole time and it never played . maybe that is the norm.. . this whole thing is kinda strange . my son likes it but does n't love it . i simply should have researched more
10873: real: pos ; predicted: neg
heavens harps and wings are nice , but what a showman extraordinaire florenz zigfeld jr. ( 1869-1932 ) wants most now when hes no longer on earth is to put on another extravaganza . it would have the brightest stars and creative talents . the most in glamour , gams and optimism , in short it would be like ziegfeld follies . with a whos who of credited and uncredited hollywood talents , this all-star revue is heaven to fans of musicals . fred astaire ( 1899-1987 ) dazzle once , twice..four numbers in all . red skelton ( 1913-1997 ) reprises his funny guzzlers gin skit . esther williams ( 1922 - ) swims , lena horne ( 1917 - ) sings and judy garland ( 1922 -1969 ) spoofs snobbery , theres verdi ( giuseppe f . verdi 1813-1901 ) opera and fanny brice ( 1891-1951 ) vauderville . patter and pantomine , and " the babbit and the bromhilde " with gene kelly ( 1913-1997 ) joining fred astaire in their first-ever screen pairing what a show ! the man called flo must be proud . high quality transfer . features not remastred . recommende
10874: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there are some good things about this film - - it gives audiences an idea of how insidious the nazi propaganda machine was , for one thing . it also shows the main character , antoine moreau , a ( fictional ) famous french mime , having his eyes opened to the reality of the nazis ' ' final solution ' to the ' jewish problem' . brought to a czech town that has been ' given to the jews ' by the nazis in order to stage a performance that will be seen by the swiss red cross delegation , hopefully persuading them that the germans are not as monstrous as they have been portrayed , moreau changes his original idea for the performance , hoping to get a ' silent ' message to the red cross that will let them know the true fate of jews ( and other ' undesirables ' ) at the hands of the nazis . i 'll briefly mention a couple of less-than-positive observations , and then get into my main problem with the film . the production values reminded me a bit of a made-for-tv movie - - and from time to time it seemed that the sound was a little out of sync with the picture . the image quality on the dvd could have been much better as well . also , the shanachie dvd release is version of the film that has been dubbed with english . this is , in the case of this film , not very well-done . the cabaret singer , for instance , comes across as completely unbelievable in that her voice does n't match her face or ethnicity in the least . everyone in the film winds up with an english accent , which detracts from any authenticity that might have been retained using subtitles instead of clumsy dubbing . another reviewer below brought up the dubbing problem as it apples to one of one of the children , stella ( portrayed by linda jablonska ) . her voice does not sound at all like that of a little girl . she develops a bit of a crush on antoine , which in itself seems like a pretty natural occurrence under the circumstances - - here is a famous artist who has come to the village to stage a show , with her as one of the leads , who is kind and supportive and friendly to her , who listens to her ideas and feelings with attention and respect . the problem i had was with one scene in particular . stella has been caught on the streets after curfew and chased by police . she bites one of them and manages to elude them by squeezing through a break in a fence . in the process of getting away , she gets muddy , scrapes herself bloody in a few places , and tears her clothing . she goes to moreau 's hotel and climbs to the ledge outside his room and taps on the window . when he opens it , he is shocked at her condition , lets her into the room , and begins to try to clean her cuts and scrapes , asking what had happened . he then draws a bath for her , so she can wash herself . as moreau sits down , still in a bit of a daze over what has happened to her , she steps into the bath . just before she pulls her dress over her head , she says to him , ` no looking . ' he shakes his head to bring himself out of his daze and says ` of course ' , then repairs to the adjoining bedroom , where he lies down on the bed to have a smoke , allowing her to conduct her bath in privacy . a moment later , he hears a noise and looks up to see stella emerge from the bathroom , completely naked , in a full-frontal nude shot . moreau gets up from the bed and lifts the covers , suggesting that she warm herself . she climbs into the bed ; he covers her up , and steps away to the other side of the room . there is nothing about the scene that implies that anything improper occurred . he has simply offered her care and comfort and sympathy . this shot only lasts a few seconds , but i feel that , regardless of the director 's reasoning for shooting it in the first place , it could have been left out . if the point was to show that moreau has either had morals all along , or that he has acquired them , it could have been demonstrated in a variety of other ways . earlier in the film , stella had witnessed one of her caregivers , semi-nude , in moreau 's hotel room ( stella saw this from outside ) . given her ` schoolgirl crush ' on moreau , it seemed natural for her to become upset over this . as a result , however , the scene after the bath comes across as a young girl inappropriately mimicking adult sexual behaviour . this , combined with the ` adult ' voice dubbed over stella 's , makes the scene even more disquieting . there are some viewers who might argue that , in europe , ` standards ' involving nudity and sexuality are not as reactionary as those in the us . in many instances , i would wholeheartedly agree with them . there is much hypocrisy in the dynamics of american culture and moral values , and not a little bit of neurosis . however , the sexual objectification of children is something about which i feel very strongly...and i think the scene in question in this film amounts to exactly that . do n't get me wrong - - i 'm not so prudish that i turn away from even full-frontal nudity in a film , if it 's not gratuitous and it 's an integral part of the storyline...but here , it involves a prepubescent girl , and could have easily been left out . it worries me bit that this point has not been made by other reviewers . have we become so numbed in respect to nudity in films that many ca n't recognize an instance where it 's not only unnecessary , but potentially harmful ? i 'm glad i 've seen the film - - and i 'd recommend it with a bit of praise and some strong reservations , as noted above . with all of the ridiculous claims from some quarters that the holocaust never happened , i think it 's vitally important for films on the subject to be made and seen . the czech film all my loved ones is an excellent film about this horrible time that has not gotten the attention it deserves - - seek it out . n.b. - - this is the second time i have posted this exact review . i noticed today ( 6 april 2006 ) that it has , for some reason , been removed from the site . i 've re-read what i 've written , and i do n't see anything objectionable or offensive . the issues i have with the film are discussed straightforwardly . if anyone objects to anything i 've written here , i 'd like to know what it is .
10878: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i owned the vhs version of ' 'the wild , wild world' ' but decided to get the dvd this winter . well..that was a great purchase ! i understand people that could see the documentary of jayne in europe , as pretty cheaply made , but it is still jayne , and if you love her ( as i do ) , any film she was in ( except the girl ca n't help it , and will success spoil rock hunter ) was done on the cheap , with ridiculously small budgets . ' the wild , wild world ' gives you the chance to see a candid jayne in all kinds of very campy situations , and the best scenes are when jayne pretends to be offended by the goings-on.. . it shows a jayne mansfield who was indeed a true-original , rather eccentric person in the anal-retentive american fifties.i ca n't help comparing her to what anna nicole smith has done with her ' career ' as a media sensation , but jayne was doing basically the same fifty years ago , which was understandbly much more shocking for the common-folks . when jayne talks about her film roles , you wonder if she is laughing with you or at herself . i do n't understand how she can be compared to marilyn monroe.mm was looking for privacy , more serious roles , spoke to journalists only if she absolutely had to , when jayne was waking up her daughter in the middle of the night to prepare drinks for journalists who needed something to write about.jayne was not too picky about her roles , and the kind of attention she was getting , and it was her undoing.sad , but she needed the money to keep up that image , all those children , dogs , and...husbands . now , about ' 'the labyrinth of sex'' : it is hysterical ! ! and a great choice to make the dvd a double-feature , just like the good-old days of the drive-ins ! when you get over the awful dubbing , the documentary is rather well made , naive to today 's standards of course , but well-intentionned.some viewers will just see crass-exploitation , but if you are into campy , kitsch movies , and you see ed wood jr. as a genius...well you will love it ! .the movie trailers are very funny as well , and make you wish you could find them . so my conclusion is that dvd is an excellent purchase , a must-have for any serious jayne mansfield fan ! !
10879: real: pos ; predicted: neg
dragons are certainly among the most quintessential elements of the fantasy genre and their likenesses comprise one of the cornerstones of the art associated with it . dragonart : how to draw fantastic dragons and fantasy creatures is both an enjoyable browse and a useful guide for anyone interested in creating their own dragons or other fantastic creatures with pencil and paper . dragonart is divided into three major parts , fantastic dragons , unique details , and other fantasy creatures , along with an introduction , a section on how to use the book , and a brief guide to fantastic creatures . lessons in this book are progressive in nature , beginning with fundamentals and moving into increasingly advanced aspects of dragon design , all illustrated with step-by-step illustrations that are punctuated by helpful tips and tricks throughout . and author / artist jessica " neondragon " peffer has a clear , easy writing style that can be easily comprehended , absorbed , and acted upon , an example of which follows below . " okay , so we 're going to discuss the anatomy of a creature that exists nowhere but in our minds . sounds kind of silly to say that something made from pure imagination does not look correct , but that will happen if your creature does n't look believable . to help make your dragon as real as possible , base its structure on real creatures , " she writes at one point ( page 44 ) . " the ideal dragon is likely a mix of cat , bird , and reptile body types . the trick is choosing which parts to keep and which ones to throw out . you want it to feel like a single creature . " this advice , incidentally , is very reminiscent of that given by leonardo da vinci in his notebooks for drawing creatures of this ilk , making peffer well read or naturally very insightful , either of which speaks well for her . under " how you should make an imaginary animal look natural , " the increasingly famous renaissance man writes , " you know that you cannot invent animals without limbs , each of which , in itself , must resemble those of some other animal . hence if you wish to make an animal , imagined by you , appear natural - - let us say a dragon , take for its head that of a mastiff or hound , with the eyes of a cat , the ears of a porcupine , the nose of a greyhound , the brow of a lion , the temples of an old cock , the neck of a water tortoise . " dragonart also includes guidelines on drawing a number of other sorts of fantastic creatures , including basilisks , chimeras , gargoyles , and griffins . for those interested in applying the guidelines presented in this book , a companion dragonart kit : how to draw & paint fantastic creatures that includes a compressed version of the book and some art supplies will also be available soon . author peffer is also the creator of the popular fantasy art website neondragonart.com , which can give anyone potentially interested in this book the opportunity to get a sense of the kinds of creatures they can learn to create themselves .
10883: real: neg ; predicted: pos
many people criticized this movie for having no plot . which is a result of many people criticizing the first for being too complex . there 's just no pleasing some people but this movie could have made up for it by having some class or a formidable villain . dougray scott is pretty much one of the worst villains ever and a poor representation of scottish actors . john woo uses some wonderful australian scenery but fails to inject any sense of excitement to the fight scenes . the gun battles look too damn staged and the fist fights are all done in slow-motion , which robs them of any realism or hardcore . seeing as how this is a pg-13 the action is also pretty damn tame . which is a shame since woo is a pro at this . you hardly see any bullets even enter bad guys never mind exit . it 's all done off screen . if people wanted tame violence why on earth did they hire woo to direct ? it 's a bit puzzling . although it is tame it is still darker and harder than the original . but the duff biochemical warfare plot is pure video game crap . i ca n't believe robert towne had a hand in writing this . it 's like a rejected plot to a solid snake ps1 game . there 's seems to be some focus on making it a james bond / die hard wannabe instead of respecting the source material and offering us any iconic or memorable set-pieces . another major thing that is wrong with this movie however is zimmer 's score . for a movie that is 124 minutes long we get about 30 minutes of music . zimmer is known for his talent of creating ambient and versatile music . but none of that is present in mi-2. this was movie was made around the time of his decline into mass-produced soulless stuff . which is also a shame . it 's the wrong plot , the wrong director and the wrong approach that turns this into a movie for idiots . they really under-estimated the audience and fumbled the ball with this one . john woo 's original cut was 3.5 hours long . none of that footage is on this new ' special edition ' dvd . what a waste
10886: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this dictionary is not for the person who english is his second language . it does not have enough sentence examples to let you know how to use each entry word . in addtion , the micro does n't work well with ms word .
10887: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i read bill bryson 's " a walk in the woods " and laughed hysterically at many parts of the book , and through the rest was either duly entertained or pleasantly educated ( for the " educated " aspect , bill interlaces the book with fascinating factual tangents ) . i started into " in a sunburned country " with similar expectations , and especially since i have always longed and planned to visit australia . to state that i was disappointed is a severe understatement . after reading this book i now have little to no desire to visit the " land down under ; " my only hope is that i will completely forget what i read in bryson 's book so that i may one day look forward to and enjoy visiting australia . ( senility be merciful and consume me hastily ! ) my best estimate is that bryson was commissioned to write a ~350 page book about australia . during and / or after his trip , his creative sense must have taken a vacation of its own . i have rarely struggled so much to get through a book as i did with this one . bryson even stooped so low as to use an urban legend as a " story " relayed second-hand from one of the australians he " met . " such a stunt makes me question if any of his accounts are real in any of his books . the only saving grace to this book was the educational tangents . these , at least , provided for some interesting reading . after comparing notes with another person who ventured to read another of bryson 's books ( " i 'm a stranger here myself " ) after she read " a walk in the woods , " it would appear that " in a sunburned country " is not the only snore-fest that bryson has churned out . perhaps he is n't a " one hit wonder , " but i for one am not going to waste my time or money finding out . so , if you are looking for the same caliber of writing that bryson provided in " a walk in the woods , " look to another author or prepare to be greatly disappointed .
10888: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i grew up watching sesame street and truly love the muppets . however , i have to say this video was not what i expected . there were some great vintage clips , but not enough muppets / monsters for me . this video seemed hastily thrown together with bad editing . i would recommend you pass on this one and get " 123 count with me " instead .
10891: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it 's not great music to dance to
10892: real: neg ; predicted: pos
feeling more than a bit fleeced by mcafee 's overpriced " subscription " renewal every year , i decided to give kaspersky a try . installation went smoothly and everything seemed fine for 2 or 3 weeks . then one day my computer would not boot- --just stalled on a blank screen right after the windows xp splash screen . when trying to boot up in safe mode , a list of the drivers currently loading scrolled down the screen . it stopped at a file called kl1.sys and hung there forever . a little research at work showed that this was a kaspersky file . it may be just a coincidence that my system suddenly went kaput shortly after installing the new antivirus program , but i doubt it . attempts to use a recovery disk failed . a trip to the local computer shop revealed that the data on my hard drives ( which were in the inscrutable raid 0 format ) could not be recovered ( unless i wanted to ship them to a recovery shop , and nothing on them was worth that much ) . so they 're going to reinstall windows , i 'll have to do reinstall a shipload of software when i finally get my computer back , and , yes , i 'll lose all the data that was on there . ( gee , good thing i backed up all the kids ' photos- --well , most of them . thanks , kaspersky ! ) anyway , perhaps my attempts at recovering the os caused the worst of this . whatever the case , i believe the boot failure was caused by either the kaspersky file being corrupted or a virus . who knows . kaspersky is to blame in both scenarios . i do know one thing : i am not going to tempt fate by loading this program on my computer again . and kaspersky has yet to respond to my e-mail . i got an automated " we received your e-mail " response , but nothing more , even though they state that they usually respond within a day or two . that was over a week ago . if in fact their software is in no way responsible for my computer flaking out on me , then i still do not apologize for the one-star rating , given their horrible customer service . if you decide i 'm insane or that this was just a fluke , at least do yourself a favor and make a decent boot disk for yourself before installing this product . that might mean the difference between losing data / spending $$$ and just being inconvenienced . and do n't expect much assistance from kaspersky should things go wrong .
10895: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the easy language 16 is only useful if you 're already familiar with the language you wish to learn . i 've been studying french for months before buying this product and found it to be helpful when i 'm getting rusty . the only problem is that it 's hard to make out what is being said because the sound is not clear . the recorded speakers also do n't bother to slow down to give you a chance to understand or repeat what is being said . this is good cause it 's like listening to an actual french speaker and not a robot , bad if you actually want to learn how to pronounce what is being said . it will also go over basic french grammar but is totally useless if you do n't already know basic french grammar . i also tried to use this to learn japanese . unlike french , i 'm not familiar with the japanese language at all so trying to use this product to learn it became a nightmare . if all you want to do is learn how to speak the language it does have a romanized version of the words and phrases to make it easier to sound them out . unfortunately the basic japanese grammar and japanese alphabet are all written in japanese . for instance , in the grammar section it has the past , present and future " i am " it 's written in english then beside it it 's written in japanese . you ca n't click them to have it sound out for you . in the japanese alphabet section all it has is the japanese alphabet and you can click them to sound them out but you really have no clue what you are sounding out . so it teaches you nothing about reading the language but the test they want you to take are purely in japanese . i do want to learn how to read , write and speak japanese so none of this would be a problem if it actually taught you how to read , write , and speak japanese ! so my guess would be that you really have to be familiar with japanese ( not the romanized ( romanjj ) version ) already in order to use this product . because of my experiences with this product i would say get it only if you know the languages you 're interested in and use it as a refresher and nothing more . since i am familiar with french this product was pretty helpful but if i used this as a starter for the language i probably would have quit . i 'm searching amazon for better japanese books . so if you want to actually learn a language look to the books with the language tapes and cd 's
10897: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really like the size and weight of the camera . it is very easy to use and the picture quality is pretty good . i had to return the cam because the motor noise is unacceptable . i recorded some scenes while skiing and the whiny noise is very noticeable , even outdoors . all the other reviewers claiming the cam records motor noise are dead on . i will spend a bit more money and get the sony hcr-dc96 instead
10898: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have to agree with all these reviews already posted . i was getting error messages for intuit stating that i would not be able to download stock quotes after a certain date , so i ordered a new copy of quicken for $50 thinking it would be an upgrade . to my amazement , it is exactly the same as quicken 04 , no real developments . i feel very cheated by intuit . if 04 was only going to be good for a couple of years , they should have disclosed the fact in the first place . if they are going to squeeze money out of loyal customers , i would at least expect and improved product . they are making a real mistake here , as their credibility is now zip . i have been buying turbotax every year , and have been a loyal quicken user for many years , but now i think i will look for something else .
10899: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you want to get into blind melon very quick , buy this....if you really like blind melon and wnat to hear something new...do n't buy this.. .
10900: real: neg ; predicted: pos
bought the camera on a recommendation , and also what looked like good specs on the web . owned it for less than two weeks when the lcd screen cracked ( below the surface of the protective cover ) . turns out this is a very common problem with these cameras . panasonic will not warranty fix this ! if you do get one , or own one , be very careful not to use the left nav button . if you do , be very careful on the pressure you apply . this is the camera 's glass jaw , and you might end up " bricking " a brand new camera . i am replacing mine with a canon
10905: real: pos ; predicted: neg
works great on my s2is , clicked on silver on main page but switched to black on order form , did n't notice this but i like the black anyway . looks good with acc
10906: real: neg ; predicted: pos
my rheumatologist recommended that i try a wax bath product for the osteoarthritis in my thumbs . the cartiledge in the left thumb is all but gone , with the right thumb being in better shape . the wax bath did not eliminate or ease the pain in either thumb , but did greatly improved the skin on both hands . i continue to use it just for the dry skin on my hands , and am pleased with the results . it 's possible that this product would have worked better for me if i 'd used it earlier , before my thumbs got so bad . i plan to use the wax bath for the pain from inflammation in my feet , due to rheumatoid arthritis . i did have to turn down the heat due to a lifelong and extreme sensitivity to heat in my hands , and this is probably why the wax doe n't stay warm for longer than 10 - 12 minutes , even when wrapped in the plastic bags and then in a towel . the initial loading of wax has lasted a long time , so i do n't recommend purchasing more than 2 or 3 pounds of wax at a time
10913: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this software is wonderful ! i have been trying to find a good program to scrapbook digitally for many years . i 've tried broderbund ( sp ? ) whose interface was too clumsy , nova which was rather difficult at times ( many things you ca n't do ) and now this . when i first took this out of the package and installed it i thought i had made the wrong decision with this software since there were very , very few backgrounds , templates or embellishements even when i opened the xtras cds that came with this . i truly did not feel the xtras cds were worth purchasing since there are very few things on them . but then i found the tutorials that are included on the cd and watched the one about making collages . i did n't get halfway through the video - i had figured out how to do it . i have now created some of the best scrapbook pages i 've ever made . within hours i had a beautiful collage / letter to send with my holiday cards . my husband 's first impression was a heartfelt " it 's lovely " . what has so throughly convinced me of the abilities of this software is that i can take any image and make it a background , i can create and manipulate text almost any way i want , i 've been able to create my own embellishments as well as using downloaded embellishments from websites that sell it ( .png format ) . i feel like i have no limitations on what i can do now . i imagine this software is not as sophistacated as adobe illustrator , but then it probably is n't as complicated to use ( from what i remember that program has a rather steep learning curve ) . you can also use the eyedropper tool to " pick up " any color from any picture , background , or element ( read " anything " ) in the program . i was able to take the background colors and make embellishments that matched ! i can take a color from one of my pictues and make a background that matches . you can also remove backgrounds from photos - it takes a bit of time to do , but the area around the image will be transparent - this functionality has many uses . you can also save your files in many different formats including .jpg for file sharing , etc. there are so many more features i could n't possibly list them here , nor would you want me too ( too much time ) . if you only use premade templates and do n't feel ready to venture out on your own yet this software may not be for you unless you find a website that sells templates for this software . you could start with something like nova scrapbook factory deluxe 3.0 , which i liked , and when you start becoming really frustrated by its limiations it may be time to move up to this program . you may also want to read a book about digital scrapbooking to give you ideas and alert you to possibilities . the great thing about this program is that it is n't just for scrapbooking . you can do all your photo manipulation in it . i have always liked paint shop pro so much that i have n't been able to afford to upgrade my copy since version 6 , but i kept using that version . i 'm so glad i got version 10 as it is very user friendly too . but please know that version 10 ( which comes with this package ) is not the most recent version . version 11 is out now . if you do n't want / need the xtras cds that come with this package you may want to just buy the most recent version and buy some embellishements from a website that makes .png files ( portable network graphics format ) or make your own . i hope you have as much fun with this software as i am having . i highly recommend the training videos on the cd - they really help
10914: real: neg ; predicted: pos
warning ! i resized my partition and when it restarted my computed could not boot . it destroyed my system and i had to format my whole drive . read all the reviews from this program carefully . i read them but did not believe them
10917: real: pos ; predicted: neg
originally published in the early 1900 's , this book is an excellent resource for teaching young men about being their own self in a society that is trying to mold them into another copy . high adventure on the high seas . this book is impossible to put down . 75 years ago this was my grandmother 's favorite book . now it is mine
10921: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" the passion of the christ - songs " is a fine collection of great songs , each in their own way a reaction to the spectacular film that mel gibson has created . the standouts are the song " i see love " by steven curtis chapman , third day an mercyme ; scott stapp 's powerful solo debut song " relearn love ; " " rainy day " by big dismal , and the emotional " new again " by brad paisley and sarah evans . despite a couple of songs that do n't reach their true potential ( " the passion , " and " how many lashes " ) , this is a fine cd that belongs in anyone 's and everyone 's christian music collection . grade : a -
10923: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have the white one ( black was unavailable at the time of purchase ) 1. the camera will not slide out even though the clasp is magnet . it is made snug enough that the felt holds it in the case even with a shake or jostle . 2. durable . no scrapes or scratches in 7 months . 3. have n't missed the belt clip option , its small enough to fit in my pocket 4. well constructed / durable . people think its some sort of ipod case / holder
10927: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as you can see by other reviews above , the studio series has a history of being buggy . you also hear a lot of people saying " this package is so much more intuitive and easy to use than the other ' powerful enough to be worth owning ' packages - - if only it were more stable ! " i am one of those long-suffering users ( 5 years , going back to version 9 ) , and finally with version 10.6 i have stopped complaining - - it now works as i 'd hoped when i bought it . the $300 i spent on other packages trying to do better was wasted - - i kept getting frustrated with interfaces that a 500-page manual could n't clarify . and i 'm a very sophisticated computer user by most measures . i am turning all of our old family video tapes and cd 's into dvd's . i use studio for all the editing ( have not tried the dvd recording - - just use roxio for that ) and am now very pleased . if you own 10.5 then version 10.6 is a free download . one important piece of advice that would have saved me lots of problems : put every " project " you work on in a separate subdirectory . if you have 5 soccer game videos make a / game1 , / game2 etc. series of subfolders . if you edit those to a " jimmy 's great plays " proect , put it in a separate / jimmyplays folder . when projects are in the same folder and you edit them a few times weird overwrite problems can happen in 10.5. i learned this trick before 10.6 came out , and i do n't know if it matters any more but i take no chances . why did i stick with something where i admit that version 9.0 was " powerful but unstable " and 10.0 was " more powerful and more unstable " ? because i can actually use studio with minimal reference to instructions , and when i use it things turn out as i expect . now that it has become stable and reliable i am a very satisfied customer . so that 's how i got from being a frustrated studio customer to giving it 4 stars on this review . i tell the whole story so you understand that the other reviews from frustrated people are relevant for the older versions , but that " 10.5 updated for free to 10.6 " really is the best choice out there now.. . as my unused expensive rivals to studio on my shelf prove . just keep putting every project inn its own folder !
10931: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this dvd collection to use in a presentation i made for a graduate school class to complement a book review of murrow . this collection is facinating for people who love murrow and those who 've never seen his work . i will use this collection in future presentations that i 'll make to my students as a professor . every person in broadcasting should buy this collection and watch it to get a great look at the man who innovated our business
10933: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book is without a doubt one of the best in the series of chicken soups . i have purchased several of them and give them out for gifts in the hospital , get well , birthdays and etc. there is something for everyone in this book . what a great little gift
10938: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it realy has been a long wait after jellyfish . this roger joseph manning solo effort is as beautiful as music can get , giving wagonloads of goosebumps all the way . if you have a craving for the ultimate in sophisticate popmusic you should get this rare jewel . and do n't wait for the us release : it lacks one song from a perfect 11 like the japanese has . i sure would n't want to miss any of these tracks . very higly recommended !
10940: real: neg ; predicted: pos
while installing norton antivirus 2007 xp , a norton message flashed that i must delete webroot for msn . i did it , and it resulted in crashing the session . tried first the paying phone support and gave up after 2 hrs wait . then ried the online chat . the wait went on for 9hrs , started #245 in the queue and by now in lline at #59 i realized this was not the norton i 'd used for so many years , i ordered kapersky anti-virus .
10944: real: pos ; predicted: neg
alka-seltzer got it right and in a big way . drink this and 20 minutes later your headache is gone and your stomach is settled so you can motor down to the local taco stand for some much needed nourishment . i prefer the regular flavor as opposed to the citrus .
10945: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i upgraded from version 5. i do n't use very many of the features . but the big difference i see is , files sizes seem to be greatly reduced . something i would scan and be 10mb , now might be 2mb . this is just opinion , nothing scientific . the interface takes some getting used to , a bit different . overall for the price ( $99 - less $20 rebate ) , a great deal
10947: real: neg ; predicted: pos
im not surprised that this album is garbage because fiddy has been putting out trash lately ( think tony gayo ) . there are no standout tracks and prodigy doesnt even rhyme anymore . all prodigy does is spit run-on sentences throughout every track and havoc sounds like he 's just there to be there . amerikaz nightmare was a sign that it was over for them . did we really have to hear this one to see that ? if you are a mobb deep fan buy every album before amerikaz nightmre and keep it moving
10948: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am very disappointed in this cd . not because the music is n't good , because it is . but because it is just not the pat green that used to play in stillwater . the passionate , soulful pat green . back then he sang about things that he believed in and loved . now he is singing what nashville tells him to . and this coming from the guy who sang " nashville sucks " with cory morrow . there are a ton of country singers out there that could have released this cd and it would have sounded exactly the same . but songs like " southbound 35 " and " three day " can only be sang by pat green . he needs to revisit his roots and come back to the red dirt country music that he was born to play . will the real pat green please stand up
10954: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have read other books by alesia holliday and enjoyed them so i looked forward to reading this book . unfortunately , i could not get any farther than the first 25 pages . i even tried diving in further into the book to see if it got better and i still could not read more than 5 pages without turning away . the best i can do to pin down why i dislike it so much is to say that it tries too hard . no character seems to even approach reality . they are all , including the main character and her love interest , over the top
10955: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this film does not come close to the quality of once upon a time in china . first of all , the plot is weak , it does not have the kind of power that the original of this series did . the characters in this film seem like they are out of a comic book , while the characters in the first film were interesting and complex . the kungfu is mostly unrealistic wirework , and while once upon a time in china had some of this , the emphasis was on realistic martial arts . in the original , the main characters were trying to resist the influence of the west which was destroying their culture , but in this version , the main characters are actually on the side of the westerners and they are fighting their own people ! there is no explanation of why wong fei hung and his crew would side with the people who were their enemies in the last film . one of the reasons the original film was so good , was because it was about brave chinese patriots trying to protect their culture , but in this film is seems as though they have switched sides
10958: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have had several people take my pictures.at first , everything is fine.the pictures are ok.the next day , my face looks like a pile of baby vomit.it is soooo blury.then it got 2 the point where every picture i took was blury.i tried fixing it online ( like on the program for the camera ) and it would not work.i hate this camera ! ! ! not to mention the battery sucks.it lasts maybe 3 1 / 2 hours.this camera should be $99.00.trust me people......if i could rate this thing at a zero i would.it is not worth it.however , a camera i absolutely love is the sony cybershot dsct5.an awesome little camera
10961: real: pos ; predicted: neg
anyone who had access to a radio in the 80 's would know at least two songs by missing persons . their fun music and amazing flare ( dale did have pink and white stiped hair and it looked great ! ) make this a good party album . i also have their album color in your life and most of the songs are great . just as an added note , warren cuccarullo is now a member of duran duran ( my personal favorite band ) and has been since he appeared on their notorious album which was released in 1986 ! !
10962: real: neg ; predicted: pos
most other reviewers listed here believe that this cd is good - i wonder if the fantastic and marvelous nature of the legendary mannheim concerts and the joyous nature of earlier mannheim cd 's have made it difficult to critique a mannheim offering ! i am a student of all sorts of music and have been my entire life - and this particular cd sounded to me like one long track of exactly the same music , just with different chords . in fact , if i was not paying specific attention , i could n't tell when one song ended and another started ! i enjoyed what i heard , but i was certainly expecting more from this cd - many of these disney songs could have easily lent themselves to more spectacular stylings - at the very least , some variety seems to have been called for . disney has always included great music with their movies , running the gamut of musical styles such as classical , jazz , blues , and even hip-hop - so maybe my problem was that my expectations were too high . i do , however , highly recommend mannheim cd 's in general - just not this one
10966: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i originally had to read this book for a history of rock and roll class at the university of cincinatti . i found the subject interesting , and the professor gave wonderful lectures . i had good expectations about this book going in , but those quickly soured as i read it . it seems correct , at least , about the social problems of the different eras and their relation to rock . not that such is a particularly daunting feet . however , it is rife with laughable fallacies . for instance , it calls david bowie , amongst other glam rock bands of the era , metal . it futher goes on to call many pop bands of the 60s and 70s rock , when they have no guitar work and no bass line at all , such as the carpenters . i really had a good laugh when they called bad religion hardcore . bad religion is about as hardcore as elvis is rap . further massive genre confusion consisted throughout the entire book . i also noted several drastic misinterpretations of songs . for instance , it claims ' thunder rolls ' by garth brooks is about domestic violence . its about infedility , not focusing on violence at all , but rather the emotional ramificationsof being cheated on . the writing is also rather dry . many times it is merely a citing of the names of band members as well as constantly describing minor changes in bands lineups which are of no true consequence . it also tends to list off songs which have no impact on any giving band 's successes or failures . after reading the book in completetion , i really had to question the earlier passages about older rock and blues ( 50s to 60s ) that i had thought were true . in the end , i felt that it wasted my time and money and possibly misinformed me more than anything
10969: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap
10971: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a little disappointed in the upgrade to microsoft office as it is not user friendly nor is it as accommodating as the earlier version
10972: real: neg ; predicted: pos
sold as " one size fits all " but they did n't fit 2 out of 3 people in my house . they are tight even on a medium woman 's hand so beware
10974: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these are not the original theatrical realeases . in addition to the changes made in the special edition versions of the films , american cinematographer noted in their review of the dvd release that they had gone so far as to change the color-timing of the transfer so that the color scheme more closely resembled the more recent prequels . though they are an impressive technical achievement , i 'll be buying the academy award winning films that i saw when i was younger
10975: real: pos ; predicted: neg
for me , this movie is very different than other holocaust movies , in that it explores the issue of what happened to jewish spouses of aryan women...the story itself is based on a true occurrence , and the movie begins with a wake...the widow is tormented by visions of her past in wartime berlin & shows disapproval at her daughter 's choice of a non-jewish fiance...the daughter then discovers there is more to her mother 's past than she was ever told , and travels to germany to discover her mother 's past...the story is told in flashbacks through reminiscences , and basically focusses on the plight of aryan women in berlin whose jewish husbands have been confined in a place called rosenstrasse...i wo n't give too much away , but i must say that for a slow-paced movie , it is quite gripping as we are kept guessing as to the final fate of the jewish spouses...as for the acting , the characters from the past did an excellent job , their performances were very realistic , and heart-wrenching , especially the actress who plays the main role of mrs fabian fischer , the aryan wife . in the present day , the actress who plays the daughter who seeks to unearth her mother 's past was n't very convincing , but all in all the story itself makes up for other lacks in the movie , and it is definitely watchable for the unique plot
10976: real: pos ; predicted: neg
lately there has been a lot of talk about how great ronald reagan was as a president . this book shows that this is not even close to being true . under his presidency we went from the number one loaner to the number one debtor in the world . him and his administration sold missles to iran inexchange for hostages and then illegally took that money to support contras in latin america . under his administrations hands off approach wall street ran wild with illegal and immoral practices . all this happened while his administration held down the poor and middle-class while giving the rich more money . it is debated whether reagan knew some of these things were happening hence the title of the book . it is a very good read and easy to fly through the whole book . the only complaint about it is the lack of an indept description of the savings and loan scandle and the dredded star wars program . recommended for anyone intrested in learning what happened behind the scenes of this presidency
10979: real: pos ; predicted: neg
more than anything else alan furst recreates the atmosphere of the early days of world war ii espionage . i.a. serebin inhabits the urbane world of russian emigres in the europe of 1940-1941 , mainly in paris , but also in roumania . serebin is recruited into what seems to be the british secret service and seeks to interrupt the flow of roumanian oil to the nazi war machine . the whole operation reeks of amateurism - appropriate enough at that stage of the war - brainy , careful , daring , but amateur . with one exception , none of the players know completely what they are part of - which also leaves the reader at times groping for the story line . still furst 's prose forms the characters into full-dimensional beings from bogart 's casablanca or graham greene 's human factor . highly recommended for readers with an interest in espionage or ww ii
10982: real: neg ; predicted: pos
generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house
10992: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it 's been a while since someone has sang the praises of this album . this is a timeless work . it never gets old no matter how many times it is played . i 've had this album for 5-6 years and i pull it out every summer . great music for boating or bbq 's on the deck . i promise you will love it . something everyone should have in their collection
10994: real: pos ; predicted: neg
generally , my eyes glaze over as i reach chapter 3 of most business books as they provide the mastery of the intuitively obvious . make your own luck by shapiro and stevenson has broken the pattern . written in punchy conversational style , the book is a delightful combination of anecdotes and useful tools geared to help the reader up the odds in personal and business decision-making . the process of setting goals and assessing risk is broken down into discrete aspects , allowing the reader to assess his own patterns of success and failure . this sounds as if it could be tedious , but it 's not . the authors know you are not sitting in a policy course . they know that you make numerous bets in any given day and do it most of the time without focusing on the decision as a bet . the book makes you conscious of those bets and gives you the groundwork to move through those bets with speed and focus . in managing investments , i 'm betting on a gestalt of macro economic factors and company specific performance as well as betting on the actions of other investors . the tools in make your own luck , such as the prediction map , are completely applicable to the inferential analysis i use in managing investments as well as life 's major problems , such as how to seat guests at the next dinner party . this book is a good read . shapiro and stevenson incorporate topics from baseball to the metropolitan museum of art. make your own luck makes you laugh , makes your think and gives you tools to improve your own lot .
10998: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the idea is fantastic . the fact is i do n't wake up immediately like bzzzz- -i 'm awake . amazingly i can hit the snooze on a regular alarm without ever knowing it . on this alarm , the light starts glowing and gets brighter and brighter over a period of time you select . i have mine set for 15 minutes , and usually by the time the light has reached maximum i 'm coherent enough to get up . if the light does n't do it , you can add sounds ranging from a buzzer to screeching sea gulls- -ocean , wind , and ringing bells falling somewhere in between . the flaws : as others have mentioned , the light itself makes a buzzing noise at low light levels . so when it first pops on in the morning , you also get the annoying filiment vibration of the lamp . secondly , you do n't set the alarm for when you want to get up . you have to go through some math calculations , figuring out when you want to wake up and how long it will take you to get to that point . then you set the alarm for that earlier time ( awake minus groggy equals alarm time ) . third , if you use the sound in addition to the light , it does increase in volume as the light increases in intensity , but the sound starts out so loud to begin with that the light is really pointless . a workaround we 've found for this is to use the external speaker provided . plug it into the back of the light , run it across the room , and bury it upside down under some pillows . then pick a sound like " birds " instead of the lip-curling " harbor " or " town " . from it 's buried location across the room , the sound hits the right volume about the time the light maxes out . whoever came up with the plan of making the sound come on with the light was just not thinking . fourth , the clock lumination can change colors , rotating through the entire rainbow all night long in its default setting . at first that looks cool . until you realize a bright yellow clock glowing in your face at 2 a.m. is just wrong . the darkest setting is red , and the only way to choose it is to hit a pause button on the back when it rotates around to that color . so yes , it works . and it wakes me up without making me use my hammer . but the design is just plain stupid . if the manufacturer would wander by here , read this and make a few design changes , they could make a light worth buying
10999: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this dvd on the basis that shania twain performed the half time show . even when i did a search for shania twain this dvd was listed - incorrectly - as there is no shania performance on the dvd . as far as the football goes i really can not comment as i am from the uk and know nothing about american footbal - sorry ! !
11002: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it 's easy to realize once again what makes garth ennis one of the best writers in the field when reading this one . throughout the story i was unable to predict what was going to happen on the next page . and despite ennis making this into a rollercoaster ride he still keeps it all believable . mind you , this story is not on par with the preacher series , not much is , but it still is a story that rises far above the average comic book story . the characters are all interesting , often funny , and they 'll hold your attention with ease . not once was the story faltering . and in the case of you being a smoker-maybe at the end you 'll be cured of that habit . as another reviewer pointed out this is one hell of an anti-smokers ` add' . so , if you feel like picking up a well told story with constantine in the lead , you 'll do best to pick up this one . if however , you are not yet acquainted with ennis 's preacher than you better turn to that one .
11004: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've had norton anti-virus since 2002 on my 2002 dell machine which meets teh program requirements . its gotten so slow as to be really annoying to use . it takes 30+ seconds to open a 2 page word document . when norton is updating the virus file , the machine slows to a crawl , instead of downloading quietly ( and a bit slower ) in the back ground its slowed the machine to such a great extent that we do n't use sleep mode anymore because when the machine is woken up it can take 10 minutes on a dsl to update . its so slow that i am trying kaspersky 6.0. i do n't know if thats better or worse , but since i do n't go to " dangerous " sits or perfom lots of downloads its got to be better than teh current state . the way i look at it - with norton anti-virus my machine functions 100% of the time as if its being slowed by a virus . anything is bette
11007: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had to work with a pc and windows because of my profession......architect. . my firms have always used architectural desktop . unfortunately , it only is compatible with a pc . now ! ! finally i purchased an exquisite imac. . and when need be , i can run architectural desktop on it in windows to get a few things done. . apple vs pc ? no comparison... . and my imac is so sexy it makes me smile. . so kill me .
11011: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this dvd was the first one released by michael buble , and i bought it in hopes of seeing some of his live performances . there are segments of performances , but the editing and fast , wild cuts from one angle to the next to the next to the next really detract from the overall effect . the performances get largely lost . what remains is a lot of footage of michael and his original bandmembers drinking , clubbing , gambling , womanizing , and generally acting like rowdy frat boys . if you really want to be wowed and experience what a live buble concert is like , i highly recommend " caught in the act " . this dvd lives up to it 's name as part of the pbs great performances series produced by david foster . " caught in the act " is slick , glossy , flashy , enormously fun and absolutely true to the real experience . i 've seen buble perform live twice , and i can attest that " caught in the act " is just about as good as being there
11012: real: neg ; predicted: pos
just be sure to read up on this closely.. . it 's not the orchestra you hear in the movie , and you may be especially disappointed when you hear the vocal tracts - gone are great talents enya and annie lennox , replaced by no-name voices . this is not bad music , but do n't think you 're a genius for capturing the music of the movies on one inexpensive 2-cd set
11013: real: neg ; predicted: pos
sorry , bill ! poor lyrics and only fair production have made this a most disappointing purchase . the guitar playing is adequate , but not good enough to save this material . i hope bill spends a little more time on the thought process before bringing out his next material .
11014: real: neg ; predicted: pos
having been a fan of antonia fraser for many years , i highly anticipated her biography of queen marie-antoinette , but have been very disappointed in that she often chooses the sensational over the factual . she depicts marie-antoinette 's mother empress maria theresa as heartless and calculating for sending her daughter to france at age 14 to get married , but arranged marriages were the norm ; the empress was not doing anything out of the ordinary . what startled me most is that fraser not only insists on antoinette having an affair with count axel von fersen , of which there is little concrete evidence , but goes onto maintain that axel used condoms to keep the queen from getting pregnant . it seems to me that marie-antoinette loved children so much ; she came from a family of sixteen where children were valued and her more liberal sister caroline went on to have eleven children or more . she was also a devout catholic and using such devices were unthinkable , unless one was a prostitute or dealing with prostitutes . in this case fraser is applying the morals of some british aristocratic ladies to a queen of france . if marie-antoinette had been caught in adultery , it would have been considered treason ; she would have been sent to a convent and had her children taken away from her . with all of her enemies at court , that was not a risk she would have taken , if she had been so inclined . on a smaller scale , fraser makes ridiculous assertions about marie-antoinette dyeing her hair - in all the pictures that i have seen of her , her hair looks grey from either powder or premature age ; i have never read any first hand accounts of her dyeing it . not that that is a big deal ; but it makes me wonder where lady fraser 's life ends and where marie-antoinette 's life begins . i found it offensive that at the end fraser interprets marie-antoinette 's death as some kind of sacrifice for the cause of democracy , when she believed in monarchy and wanted her little son to be king . especially , since marie-antoinette 's murder was followed not by democracy but by dictatorships and napoleon crowning himslf emperor . sadly , there is a lacuna of decent biographies of the queen in the english language . one can only hope that the works of bertieres , chalon , and delorme will soon be translated and published in english . fraser 's book does have some interesting details ( aside from those which flow from her imagination ) and it is much more sympathetic to the queen than lever 's travesty
11022: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am fascinated with this machine . it has incredible detail although it lacks a little lattitude and details are lost as soon as there are some shadows . the battery so far usually lasts me the whole day when i go touring . if i take care to shut the display down as soon as i dont need it anymore i find that when i am on a cruise ship or visiting another country i can take all the movies i usually want - - and recharge when i get back to my room at night . the only problem is playback on a tv or pc . the bundled software made by ulead is not user friendly and , whereas the previous xacti i had played back images and video clips in the order i had taken , this one separates them and plays back either clips or images . before i played back through my panasonic hard disk dvd recorder and recorded a dvd directly . now i have to go into my pc and do a whole lot of editing and so far the " movie factory " program keeps crashing . i imagine somebody will eventually suggest a better software program , or i will learn to use ulead , but for the time being the pictures and clips ihave taken have very good detail , and the machine has operated flawlessly .
11025: real: neg ; predicted: pos
pablo francisco is like michael jordan on the wizards . he just isnt as good as he used to be . i hope he proves me wrong in future material . save yourself some money and get his old work .
11033: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is the one i buy for friends and the one they use at my pediatricians office . it is like the one i bought 5 years ago with my first baby , the one that is still humming along . i have been really happy with our thermometer with the exception that it was-and-is still too big to use with my second child , a boy who persists in having ' tiny ' ear canals even though he is three now . it has worked well for every other kid i know though . about the variation in temperature taking . my advice is to practice taking your and your children 's temperature while you and they are healthy . for one thing , not everyone has the ` standard ' 98.6 degree normal temperature ; and for another thing it is n't always easy to get the tip pointed in the right direction once it is in the ear canal . it takes practice . a good home purchase . ( for really little babies we used a pacifier thermometer with great success .
11034: real: neg ; predicted: pos
cheap product in all means . it riped off my hair while straightening and did a very lousy jo
11036: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have used this supplement for more than five years at the suggestion of a herbalist . i have never felt better . not only does it seem to help keep those colds away , it seems to keep me more health feeling and less tired
11039: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was not a waste of brad 's time or mine . good job !
11041: real: pos ; predicted: neg
excellent price and quick shipping . this was the best available for 3.4 oz size
11042: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i loved the idea of the clapper . i live alone so the clapping sound would n't bother me and i looked forward to the convenience factor . my first clapper lasted about 4 months and then mysteriously stopped working , but the dead unit did smell suspiciously funny - like an electrical short . did i learn my lesson ? oh , no ! i went ahead and purchased another clapper some months later . the night before last , the lamp i connected this one to started blinking . i checked the lightbulb and it was ok . it was only went i got down close to the clapper plugged into the outlet that i heard the dreaded sizzling sound and saw a flash of electricity . once again the clapper crapped out , this time in a different lamp , different outlet . will i never learn ? thank goodness nothing happened due to the highjinks of this faulty device . can you say " housefire " ? again , how dumb am i ? is the unit ul-approved and , if so , have any other complaints been lodged about it ? how does one find this out ? i like my gadgets , but " buyer beware " on this one
11044: real: neg ; predicted: pos
fellini brings light on space instead of space on light . he brings mysticism to the movie not the movie to mysticism . he brings boredom and rattling to a new height . lots of nice emotionalism and sweat . waging tongues and blood . candles and tits . bondage and perversion . we learn italian words that we can not use . here is a good tidbit " child of aphrodite and hermes...hermaphrodite . " the subtitles conveniently disappear at crucial moments . even in italian the voices do not match the sound . one of the roman dudes encolpio ( martin potter ) finally got a real part as " doctor who " in1983.
11045: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the " original " glide was made by ( or used ) gore tex material . the photo for this product showed the logo for gore tex . the product shipped was the product now marketed by crest ; no mention of gore tex . the crest product is vastly inferior to the " original " gore tex
11046: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the seller was super fast , the product well packaged and as described . thank you
11049: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great program but the fact that you ca n't lock the toolbar into place leads to major amounts of time wasted . homesite kind of peaked at version 3 when it was run by alaire
11051: real: neg ; predicted: pos
american pastoral was repetitious to the nth degree . i read the human stain a few years ago , and it was good . but , in pastoral , the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the swede and a psychoanalyst , and between his daughter merry and a psychoanalyst , but absent the psychoanalyst : roth is our psychoanalyst . what he misses , however , is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control . the swede never failed as a father ; rather , he failed because he could n't let go of his sense of responsibility for her
11056: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this item does not charge your camera . it does provide power to your camera while plugged in , but it does not recharge your camera 's battery
11057: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the boston based author , dennis lehane , wrote a great detective story with a social background so great , it is almost more important than the plot . " mystic river " differs from lehane 's other books and indeed raises him to the next level as a writer . " mystic river " is set in the fictional boston suburb , called east buckingham ( the author explains it as an amalgamate of dorchester , charlestown and south boston and it really feels like dorchester ) , home mostly to white working class , with plenty of crime . i liked the background info especially since i could relate to it , knowing the area.. . the first part , which is the base and explanation for later events , takes place in 1975 , when one of the three eleven-year old neighborhood boys playing in the street is abducted by two men in an apple-smelling car , and although he comes back after four days , his life as well as his friends ' is changed forever . the ways of the boys soon part , dave ( the boy taken by the men ) lives a quiet life , has a wife and a son , and likes his memories of being a football player in high school . jimmy , the " bad boy " , after doing some time in prison settles down as a storeowner with a nineteen-year old daughter from his first marriage , second wife and their two daughters . the third boy , college-educated sean , becomes a policeman . when jimmy 's beautiful daughter , katie , is found murdered in the park after a night out dave comes home covered in blood , sean gets assigned to the case . there are many leads to different people.. . but the case is difficult . meanwhile , jimmy and his family embark on the search of their own . the plot is very good until the end , and psychological details as well as the insights into the society are extremely accurate . the characters are very real , especially jimmy and sean , who are central to the plot . their trauma after dave 's abduction made a lasting effect on their lives - in very different ways . they are complicated , multifaceted people , very well developed as literary characters . some side protagonists , depicting perhaps types rather than individuals ( bobby , roman , the savage brothers , sergeant whitey ) , are very good . i was in the grasp of this book until the end - it is not only great entertainment , but also food for thought . the movie based on " mystic river " with sean penn is equally moving - recommended for those with little time.. .
11058: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was my very first book for nora roberts , and so far it 's the best book ever . it is the perfect book . brianna is a wonderful , smart inn keeper with many talents and a rare kind of maturity . i would love to be like her ! and gray is a successful , sweet , caring , witty author that comes to her inn in ireland to relax and start a new book . this is no ordinary romance . i love that it goes deep , not only into the main characters ' personalities , but there is also brianna 's sister and brother-in-law , her mother , her friend , and gray 's agent . not to mention the wonderful scenary of ireland described throughout the book . the conlcusion of the book is wonderful and utterly satisfying , leaving you with a happy glow that lasts a long time ! other books by nora roberts are good , but this one takes the prize . of the born trilogy this one is the best and it should not be missed
11060: real: neg ; predicted: pos
note that in my previous review , in which i commented on the dreadful dvd transfer , i was only referring to the & quot ; that touch of mink&quot ; dvd . the father goose dvd is not that bad
11061: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this a year ago and have taken many great pictures with it . it 's light , has many features and can be used as an automatic when all you want to do is point and click . i ca n't recommend it enough .
11063: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this heating pad wraps around , stays put , does a perfect job and turns off by itself . spend the money and get a better mousetrap
11065: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was impressed by the value and quality of this book... . outstanding ! ! ! ! it is all his plays and poems in one place with a nice look and feel to the book ( for the price ) you ca n't beat it .
11072: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i just got my copy of the dvd r-rated version and yes the best parts of the bondage scene are missing . why those edit happy bozos would remove the lower body scenes showing the actresses powerful legs around her captor and leave the breasts showing is beyond me . since this scene is most appealing in the way the original version first displayed it in 85 , to take it out in my opinion degrades the movie entirely . i was completely dissapointed in this version of the movie . if anyone saw the unrated 1985 vhs version you would know what i mean . lana was the movie . why remove it ? ? ? ? ? i have [not a] clue ! ! ! unsatisfied customer
11075: real: neg ; predicted: pos
all i wanted was a way to identify some files , remember which ones so every time i wanted to backup , i would press " go " and the backup would start . alohabob was too " smart " for my use . first , it has this intelligent file finder that finds what is likely to be backed up . i indicate that i want to select my own files ( which it lets me think i can do ) . then thinking it would bring me to browser window - - no , no , no...it still needs to waste time doing its indexing as if i had selected the " smart find " . i then manually select my files ( great ! ! ) . in trying to save the " template " of what files i wanted to backup , it requires that i make it a reoccurring backup with selected backup frequency ( yuk ! ! ) . i want to back up when i get to it ( about once a month , not when it wants to - - i am backing up to a dvd which i need to put in the drive ) . ok , so now i am over that and the backup begins - great ! ! ! upon returning into the application a month later , i can not select my saved " template " to " run now " , it will run when it is scheduled to run : ( so...i need to repeat the whole process just to get the same files as last time backed up . i exchanged emails with the company and they understood but were not going to " add " the features i described . oh well - it looked like such a promising product . now i need to find another that satisfies my requirements
11079: real: neg ; predicted: pos
following on from the fantastic ' the duel ' allison moorer 's latest release ' getting somewhere ' is a massive , massive disappointment . quite simply the material on ' getting somewhere ' is weak and gutless . on the rare occasions moorer tries to emulate the beauty and feel of ' the duel ' - such as on hallelujah & new years day - earle rips the heart out of the material with such an amateurish , pedestrian and thin production that you feel cheated ! business and pleasure rarely mix and moorer should take a long , hard look at this release and give serious consideration to re-installing rs field next time around . if moorer wants a guitar groove that burns , drums that drive and vocals that mesmerise then earle is simply not the man for the job . moorer is a fantastic talent who has one of the finest female voices of any genre ( she can write a mean song too ! ) . this cd showcases none of her abilities and should be consigned to the bargain bins immediately
11082: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was a philosophy major in college and i hated this book . but then again , the whole nambla fic genre really does n't do it for me . i 'm sure some literary aesthetes are going to pick this review apart , good for them . i 'm incredibly well-read and thought this one was just a tepid bore . save your time , read some dostoevsky , some dickens , some milton , ( ... )
11091: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book does cover alot of information not needed for clep , but it does give you a great guideline on who and what to study for clep and good examples on what questions will look like for the actual clep . i wanted to ensure i was prepared for the clep , so i purchased this book and disregarded the other 2 comments . although , they were right about the obscurity , this book still taught me alot . you do n't necessarily need it , but if you want to be prepared , this book will not hurt your bank account that much . i also recommend the complete itiots guide to american literature ( 5 stars , check out the reviews ) , and the internet . that is all you need
11093: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great camera . . . one of the few lower priced cams to keep the mic jack and the headphone jack , but beware . .. . this camera does not come with a lens cap , and no remote control . other sources state that this camera does not have a leica lens . this camera does not have a / v input . no flash , no hot accessory shoe ( though it has one which has no power ) . no widescreen lcd . it does record in widescreen but no image stabilization in widescreen .
11094: real: neg ; predicted: pos
order this item only if you do not need to use it immediately and can wait for a long time . i do not know how long because i am still waiting
11095: real: pos ; predicted: neg
there are plenty of reasons to get this dead album . one is the fact that this is probably the best recorded psychedelic cd of all time . it was the first rock album recorded on a 16 track . in fact it was rerecorded to take advantage of the technology . the remaster is splendid . another good reason is the great bonus tracks . almost 80 minutes of dead for less than the price of driving your suv to the record store . can you dig it
11097: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i echo the comments of the previous reviewers . do n't waste your money . not only does this book present a tedious repetition of facts and stories already well known to even a casual u2 fan , it ca n't even get those facts right ! the book states that bono 's father dropped the family off at a catholic church before driving himself to another church . this contradicts the correct statement on the preceding page that bob hewson was catholic , while bono , his mother and brother were protestant . in the same paragraph the dublin neighborhood of " glasnevin " is misspelled " asnevin " . the hearing aid shop from which bono took his name is misspelled , and perhaps most galling of all , the author ca n't even get the full name of larry mullen , jr. right ! and this is just chapter one ! i have to agree that this book was simply thrown together to make a quick buck and therefore not worth purchasing . i would suggest skipping this one and purchasing bono : in conversation with michka assayas , which includes a pretty good account of bono 's life from the man himself .
11108: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i purchased this camera to use with my previous church 's media ministry , based on my trial use of the vx2000. that was three years ago . this camera is still running as well as it did when i bought it . i use it upwards of 3 times a week to create content for web and dvd production , plus , i get great digital audio recordings when i plug directly into my current church 's sound system . the ability to tweak audio and video input on the fly is incredible . now that i am creating a multimedia team for our church , i 've convinced the church to buy one for themselves
11109: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i should have left this review a long time ago . i could kick myself for buying it , thinking it was a film , not a religous object . if you critisize this film amongst religious radicals , you risk being burned at the stake , an act of love to purify your soul . this film , as a film , disregarding the topic , is a dog . a cheap " b " grade , blood spurting , flesh flying horror flick in aramaic with sub-titles . i could go on for an hour , but wo n't bother
11113: real: neg ; predicted: pos
you know , i actually enjoyed the first mummy . it was funny , the idea , not often seen in modern films , was good , and the characters were each , in their own way , entertaining to watch . why , god , why did they have to go and make a sequel ? i do n't understand . was it for the money ? ? ? i 'm not sure when exactly i began to hate this ; maybe it was somewhere in between the horrible and almost nonexistent plotline and the stupidity of the main characters making the same mistake again . really , you 'd think after the first time they accidentally woke a mummy from it 's thousand-year rest they 'd learn their lesson . but oh , no ; the first time was n't enough . and , also , the whole having a kid thing , did n't seem to work . the relationship between the characters was n't the same anymore . i hate it when they do that in movies : make sequels and give the once-cool , main characters children . nothing against it , just felt wrong for this movie . throughout most of this movie , i felt stupid , and i do n't like for things to make me feel that way . i also felt embarrassed to have actually paid for my tickets at the theater . maybe it 's just me ; i just did n't like it . question of the day for american cinema : what 's the deal with being obsessed with sequels ? ? ? ? ? come on , the first was good enough . you know what the worst thing is ? -i was actually looking forward to seeing this
11120: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i started writing code for the web back when you could still order it as a text only service . dos ruled the day , and there were no ads plastered on every site . this is the first product that takes huge steps backward in useability , functionality , and performance since the public birth of the web . unlike the previous reviewers glowing account of as 4000 i am looking at new software because the service that this company provides and their complete lack of a proactive nature with regard to its useability have rankled me one too many times . to wit : 1. i am running a dual core 3.0 with 1 gb of memory and the 3d draw is slower that previous versions . 2. tech support had the audacity to tell me that going to a drop down menu to rotate an item selected is faster than a right click of the mouse and a context menu that would allow me to do the same from that menu . this is a step backward of at least 10 years . previous versions had the right click menu which also had delete and other frequently used commands available . really piss poor on their part to eliminate this feature alone . 3. despite a fast newer machine , once you select an item you have to wait before you can move it by selecting it a second time . pitiful . 4. wo n't import standard dxf files without saving them as one layer . making a product that wo n't play nice with others is a bad thing . i have other issues , but just do n't want to spend any more time on this company or their products . if i ran my business and failed to listen to my customers like punch , i would be out of business . bottom line : no longer recommende
11121: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i wanted a good reading lamp and bought this lamp after doing a bit of research . after taking the very heavy lamp out of the box and assembling it , i turned it on to find that it gives off very little light . i thought it might be something i would need to get used to and sat down that night to read only to find that my eyes were straining under the light . i tried using the lamp during the day / twilight and found that the illumination of the lamp was barely noticable . though it was quite a feat to put the lamp back into the box it was shipped in , i returned it to amazon which is something i rarely do
11124: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after using this product for about a month and a half , i began to get very high blood pressure readings ( 157 / 106 ) . my doctor took my bp on the same day and got 130 / 80 , which i also got with my manual cuff . i find that this machine tends to show a rapid pulse as well . the only good thing about it is that you do n't have to record your readings manually . if they calibrate the machine properly , it would be a great thing , but i wasted my money
11125: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it was difficult to stay " tuned-in " to this book . a few good ideas , but nothing new or different . it is not a book that i would recommend , however , i might try to listen again - - just to see if i missed the point . i certainly would not give this book as a gift
11126: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this digital picture frame after doing my homework , and reading all the reviews i could on the different kinds . the one i purchased was flawed , and would take 5 or 6 tries of inserting the memory card before i could get it to boot up . when it was running i was very disappointed with the quality of the pictures . what the description of this product does not tell you is - the frame does not come with a usb cable - so it does not hook up to a computer . this means that you must either have all the pics you want to display already on a memory card from your camera , or that you must have / purchase a card reader to download the pics from your computer to your camera card . ( a side note - if you have a sony digital camera , memory sticks do not allow you to back any pics onto them from your computer that were not taken in their format - so forget about using pics someone else sent , you took with another camera , or you reformatted with a photo program ) . i went with the digital pic frame from brookstone instead - far better quality , and much more user friendly
11127: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is truly one of the great jazz albums of all time . surprisingly , evans ' introspective style and cannonball 's soulful approach meld together perfectly . perhaps this is testament to just how hugely talented these men are . both the technical skill and pure musicmanship displayed on this record is just amazing . i 've owned this cd for over 10 years now and still find so much to listen to in these recordings . highlights are the amazing & quot ; waltz for debby&quot ; and earl zindars ' waltz & quot ; elsa&quot ; , easily one of the most beautiful songs ever written , in my opinion . you simply cannot go wrong with this cd
11130: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this lens based on the super telephoto ability and low cost . you truly get what you pay for , and this thing is n't worth a plug nickel . i took a few shots on a tripod and could not believe how terrible this lens was @ 300mm ( 480mm on a digital rebel xt ) . incredibly soft . even stopped down , i would never want to make an enlargement from it . stay away . do n't believe the fools who are novices , you will be disappointed with this lens . you 're much better off to buy the older & used 100-300mm 5.6 ( the l version costs more too ) but both are so much better than this junker . you 're even more crazy if you think you can take decent photo 's with this lens handheld . having switched from nikon when switching to digital , i almost judged canon from this one lens , which i 'm glad i didn't . do n't waste your money or learn the hard way like i did . this lens also had terrible purple fringing , almost as bad as the kit 18-55mm . after extensive research and testing i now own and am happy with the following canon lenses : canon 10-22mm canon 28-105mm ( 3.5 version ) canon 100-300mm ( 5.6 non-l version ) i will sell for the l version when i can afford it . the kit 18-55mm makes usable shots , but when i could afford it , i sold it too . you will get better results buying a rebel xt and an older 100-300mm than you would with a brand new xti and this terrible 75-300mm lens .
11131: real: neg ; predicted: pos
good scale - could have been better designe for feet - fat measurement pretty close
11135: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great recipes that truly are quick and easy . low to no-fat with healthful ingredients . i will be using this cookbook a lot
11140: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i owned the original vhs version...i quickly gave it to a friend of mine , free of charge . eric johnson may be considered a guitar great ( i do n't get it ) , but he has the personailty of a shoelace and it is aptly demonstrated in this instructional video . some people just are n't good teachers , no matter how great a guitarist they are . as an added bonus , his guitar is drenched in reverb throught the entire video , even during specific examples & demos ! say what ? finally , the length of the video was way too long ( or at least it felt that way . it took repeated viewings for me to get therough from start to finish ) . throw in a mind-numbing finale / lecture about patch cables , cable length , pick gauge , strings , theories on physics and you get eric johnson : total electric guitar - agonizing to watch & absolutely god-awful . stick w / brian setzer ( the rockabilly instructional bible ) , james burton ( hello.....elvis ' guitarist ! ) , yngwie j . ( the only instructional video you need for precision shredding ) , danny gatton ( 1 & 2 : encyclopidias of all styles ) or b.b. king : bluesmaster ( extremely in-depth analysis / demos of b.b. 's style by b.b. ) instructional videos / dvds . even if it 's not your style , these are highly informative , educational & entertaining . i highly recommend these
11141: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this keychain photo viewer sold by a company called " smartparts " is identical to one sold by " argus . " neither company manufactures the device nor do they offer a shred of tech support . you buy this , you 're on your own . you seem to be able to find the argus one a little cheaper.. . though they do mar the front of it with a big , black imprint of their logo . in any case , this thing is maybe worth $20 as a novelty . do n't pay more . image quality is mediocre and the software , while functional , is stunningly primitive . if you can pick it up cheap and approach it with low expectations , it 's a kind of cute gizmo . but do n't give yourself agita by overpaying for an obsolete little toy . check the bargain bins for this thing , or just wait for the next generation device . - - m
11143: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i just saw this move for the first time in wide screen and it is a much different experience i must say . i think i have figured it out . in some other reviews i think batricia birch should have just stayed with the songs and the numbers . i think they should have got another director to get the rest of the movie off the ground . it is somewhat of a good story . i can see why it would be reversed ( a guy trying to get the girl , instead of the other way around ) . you see eugine in the beginning of the movie stumbling out of the bus . well if he were a senior in the first one then why is he in the second one ? ? ? ? also frenchie is not with the pink ladies at all . you see her by herself or just briefly with the other pink ladies in school . i think the chemistry between stephanie and michael were worked well together . the songs were written by the same people that wrote the songs for the first movie . so really the bottom line is that they should have gotten a different director altogether . i know i know it is not the first one . but sequels are usually not , but they usually have connections to the first . grease 2 tried to accomplish with frenchie and the tbirds , pink ladies and all . i am glad they were able to have eve arden , sid ceaser , plus other great actors of the 50s and 60s like tab hunter . is this movie cheesy ? ? ? ? yes is it done in less than expected direction ? ? ? ? yes . does it have good songs ? ? yes ( cool rider , reproduction , we 'll always be together , girl for all seasons / turn back , and back to school ) . the song skits themselves are good and with the same flavor of the first one . after all kiddies , patricia birch did do the choreography for both . so , in closing , this movie made it to my dvd collection if for that reason alone . if grease 2 is going to stink then let it reek . if it has its moments of good cute fun then let it have that . i think if you loved the first grease then i think you should at least give this one a try .
11144: real: neg ; predicted: pos
my door handle was to the left and therefore could not use although product said that this lever could be used on all lever handles- -shipping costs were more than item purchased so it would cost me way too much to try to retur
11151: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i use pdfs a lot and i must say that quite often i turn to free pdf software to actually do the tasks that acrobat fails to do . one area i have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so i switch to the free pdf software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use . however if you are a pro pdf maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then i recommend this product hands down as the best one . i just find that it is not always the best pdf software package in the world , but a good one all the same . i would not recommend buying this one just to make standard pdf files alone . if you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right .
11153: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i wrote this review because i felt that none of the reviews so far really got the main cause of this book . this is not a book about cosmology ( as people would expect from roger penrose ) . in this tiny book , penrose summarizes his idea that the mind cannot be understood by mathematical processes ( something much different from the opinion of 99 , 99% of neurobiologists , such as steven pinker ) . this view is near to the nobel laureate murray gell-mann . the book is easy to understand and the ideas are very concise and its recommended for the ones that are interested in intelligence theories ( thus , the author assumes that the reader know what a neuron is and how it works ! ) . some may think this is a difficult to understand book because they did n't had in mind that this book is about penrose 's point of view on intelligence . in fact , i 'm not a physicist , nor a biologist , simply a high school student and i found the book very easy to understand , although i do not agree with penrose 's point of view . i think he forgot something very important . read it and read the other point of view and you 'll find what it is ! :
11155: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i waited over 30 years to see this film , and now that i have - - i 'm glad i waited that long . its glaring defects might not have been so obvious to me 30 years ago . nicholas , alexandra , their daughters , their son , the people surrounding them - - not only are they not fictional , but thanks to the era in which they lived , they were photographed , we know what they actually looked like . so who on earth did the casting ? ! it was impossible to tell one grand duchess from another , and as for alexandra - - in the first few scenes , i had trouble distinguishing the actress from someone in drag . janet suzman was the worst casting flub of all , unless you count the stilted manner in which michael jayston delivered his lines . what a stiff and boring character he makes nicholas to be . yet there are photos extant of nicholas smiling as he played with his children . nicholas was also portrayed as obsessed with holding on to his power as tsar . but in the robert massie book after which the movie was purportedly modeled , it was very clear that nicholas was acutely aware of his responsibilities to the russian people , as well as to his family , and above all his son , the future tsar . there was nothing exceptional about his behavior ; most of europe at the time was ruled by kings and queens , and to all of them , the thought of losing their thrones was simply unthinkable . yet this film falls into the trap most of us do , of judging history not on the basis of its own terms , but with our usual spectacularly accurate 20 / 20 hindsight . having been fed soviet propaganda for 75 years , we have it entrenched in our minds that nicholas was an extremely poor ruler . that 's the stunning success of the massie book , that someone who had absolutely no connection to russians , and no connection to royalty save for the one coincidence of both their sons having hemophilia , was able to overcome the general ( and erroneous ) " knowledge " of his time and write the kind of sympathetic biography of this family that was long lacking . the movie , on the other hand , makes nicholas look petty , and alexandra slightly over the edge . one petty anachronism was the scene that showed the royal family praying just prior to nicholas 's sending off his troops into world war i . it was badly researched , to the point of ludicrousness . the tsars of russia were all orthodox christians . orthodox christianity has its own very distinctive music ; in fact , russian orthodox chant is very different from greek orthodox chant . so what kind of background music did the director choose ? gregorian , of course ! can we at least *strive* for a little authenticity ? ! apparently not . massie wrote in considerable detail about the attitude of the romanovs towards their captors , how their guards had to be changed every three or so months because they kept winning over the bolsheviks : " you are n't anything like what we thought , " was the most frequently quoted comment on the subject . the movie showed nothing of that . well - - in the end , it was this exact trait of graciousness and consideration towards their captors that ended up getting the romanov family canonized in the russian orthodox church . that movement was well underway by 1971 ; i wonder , if the directors and producers had done a little more thorough research , if the film would have been a tad more sympathetic to these five people caught between two worlds and two cultures . all in all , purchasing the movie was a waste of money . maybe the bolsheviks over at the university 's russian department will appreciate my donating it - - that way , others can get to see it without wasting their money
11156: real: pos ; predicted: neg
by winning their third title in four years the same year that the baseball team that defines the hopes and dreams of generations of new englanders wins its first world series in 86 years . it 's true , the patriots somehow pieced together a team that , despite a string of injuries that seemed to defy all rationality and managed to finish a second consecutive campaign as super bowl champions with a 17-2 record ( which just as easily could have / should have been 18-1 ) ...but the 2004 boston red sox completely sucked the oxygen out of the american sports atmosphere and somehow the 2004 patriots season just does n't seem to measure up to the previous title years of 2001 and 2003. part of the reason is that the previous years seemed to have their own personalities ( 2001 having 9 / 11 , the coming-of-age of tom brady , the snow bowl , and the unbelievable finish of what was probably the most exciting super bowl ever . 2003 had the release of lawyer milloy , the early stumbles to buffalo and washington , the birth of the winning streak , winter weather in foxboro , and yet another thrilling super bowl finish ) ; 2004 just seemed like an anticlimax by comparison , like you were watching a scripted performance that was always going to end with the " w " on the patriots ' side of the field . this is not to say that there were not intriguing challenges that made for good storytelling...the injuries ( leading to the incredible " throwback " two-way play of veteran wide receiver / rookie cornerback troy brown ) , the continued winning streak , the rebirth of offseason acquisition corey dillon , the continuing mastery of the indianapolis colts , and the return to pittsburgh ( where the record 21-game winning streak came to an emphatic end on halloween ( just days after the red sox won the world series , karmically enough ) , where university of michigan graduate tom brady resurrected himself from a triple-digit fever the night before to thoroughly dismantle the best regarded defense in the nfl to send the patriots back to the super bowl , this time in the unfairly maligned city of jacksonville , fl . no nail-biting endings this time , though...despite the best efforts of terrell owens to come back from a leg and ankle injury that would have ended the season of anyone else ( with the possible exception of curt schilling , of course ) , the eagles all-pro was clearly the second-best receiver on the field as deion branch won the super bowl mvp for a record day ( safetyman and render of mayhem extraordinaire rodney harrison would have been my pick , actually ) and the patriots , though trailing early , never really seemed in doubt of winning a game they led by 10 points late before prevailing by the final score of 24-21 which in truth flattered the eagles more than they deserved . far be it that a season ending with a record of 17-2 and another super bowl ring should be considered hum-drum , but there was something missing from the 2004 campaign that , impressive as it was , just does n't translate to the memorable re-telling that the pats ' previous title years do . this is a great dvd for pats fans , indispensible even , but for the casual fan who appreciates the drama that a good nfl season can bring , i would recommend either of the previous patriots highlights dvd 's over this one
11158: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have windows xp which came with mcafee . i used both norton and mcafee but lately mcafee 's updates seem to have giving other users a lot of trouble . rather than updating the anti-virus definitions , etc. , i decided to try zone alarm where many users seem to like it . i must say that from the moment i installed it the only problem i ran was that you have to completely unistall your current antivirus , firewall , etc. if zonealarm is to work . to date the software has worked beautifully . actually , i believe that my computer runs smoother and slightly faster . i definately would upgrade or buy this product again . check some of the sellers for the bargain prices . i bought mine for 19.99 , which is a big savings from the zonealarm website . it is worth every penny
11159: real: pos ; predicted: neg
although this book is only 20 pages long , it contains helpful information about the concept of fair trade . americans have so much , and it is hard for us to imagine the degree of poverty in other third-world countries . rose ericson begins to introduce the subject of what fair trade means to these nations . to us it is only a $1 sometimes , but that $1 in a poor nation can supply food for a day to an entire family . in our hurry to accumulate material goods , we must be careful to not take advantage of the artisans and producers of these third-world nations . fair trade is a concept whose time has come
11160: real: pos ; predicted: neg
house 1 is darker than it 's sequels but stll maintains the horror / comedy feel throughout . do n't expect to be blown away by outlandish hollywood special effects . the majority of the special effects are not special . but if you can get over that , you 'll enjoy the movie . dvd is pretty bare bones with no amazing special features . i doubt much of that was available due to the age of the film . i 'm just happy it was released on dvd ! if you are a fan of low budget horror / comedy movies this movie may appeal to you . it 's no evil dead , but it is an entertaining movie .
11161: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this product will only display 142 photos no matter how many you may be able to squeeze onto a media card . this little fact is n't mentioned at all on the packaging or in the manual ( hidden from consumer ) . i initially loaded 1 , 400 photos onto a 128mb card and was shocked to only see 142 displayed . a firmware upgrade is offered from the manufacturer on their website to increase this number to 250 , but i could never get the file to load into the frame . another annoying aspect was that the slideshow plays the photos in the same order everytime you start it along with the same music . it would have been nice to hear a random music track start each time the frame is turned on and see some of the later photos instead of having to watch the same photos play in the same order each time you turn the frame back on . definitely not worth the price . shell out a couple more bucks for something that supports unlimited photos and allows random playback
11166: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have this program on a 30-day demo . it might be ok if i did n't mind my computer becoming almost unusable . i tried to run the system virus scan , as recommended , but after 3 hours it was only 2% done because it was stuck on a file it could n't seem to get past . i skipped the file , but then it quickly got stuck again . the " time remaining " said it would take 4 days to complete , so i cancelled that scan . it has a learning mode that initally blocks everything . apparently , this program has no brain . for example , i have the live search toolbar installed in outlook . it had to ask me if it was ok to run that dll file . in fact , each program that called up a process from a shared dll has to ask permission before it could run . do n't even get me started on the quickbooks and internet explorer problems . which is what it would n't let those programs do , even after they had been run and i repeated clicked " allow " over and over . twice today it got so slow running ie that it finally crashed the computer so bad that i had to do a hard re-boot . if you have it checking ports on your computer , almost nothing would run or download on ie . so , i 'm going to demo a few more , but it 's probably back to windows live onecare , which i had the past year . it just does n't seem to do much ( no long list of features ) , but it also does n't jam everthing else up
11167: real: pos ; predicted: neg
beginning with the introduction , i was taken on a fabulous journey . these gifted authors write a wonderful narrative . lande 's snapshots add a lot to this impressive and comprehensive companion . they are as engaging as any short story in the new yorker ! i found the collection of old posters designer appealing integrated with beautiful photography , as one would expect from national geographic . the guide is uniquely for both armchair and active travelers and two books in one . the first carefully expertly evaluates top ten lists on everything travel related , from hotels to hideaways , national parks to international markets . subjective of course . we all have our favorites . i particularly liked a chapter called " ten best things to do on sunday afternoons in ten cities " . part two includes literary and historical journeys , elevating this travel guide above all others . ready made and travel ready . i 'm on my way on the road to mandalay ! the book ends at lands end , with a country-by-country supplement to best destinations . what a travel kit ! national geographic 's ten best of everything is passport perfect in every way . you 'll love every moment .
11172: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had bought this razor after reading some of the reviews . i used the razor as directed in the instruction manual . the manual said when you first use the razor your beard would get used to it after a few weeks of use . i used the razor for a few weeks and with ever week the bumps got worse . i had to stop using it entirely for my skin to heal . do not buy this product
11173: real: pos ; predicted: neg
reasons to buy it : 1. cheap , a mere $140. 2. packed with features . from complete auto mode ( point and shoot ) to fully manual mode . 4mp and 3x optical zoom good enough for most situations . 3. picture quality is good . it 's better than the other two cameras i own ( olympus c720 uz and sony dsc s600 ) . 4. compact . it 's smaller than it looks in the stock photo . 5. fast . switches on and is ready for the first shot within about 1.5 seconds . other things i liked about the camera : - good ergonomics . fits nicely in my hand , all the buttons are well placed and easy to access . i can even switch on the camera and take pictures with one hand . - powerful flash . enough to fill up a moderate size room . - great video mode with sound . it also comes with an audio video cable so that you can connect the camera to your tv and watch the vidoes and pictures on your tv . - lcd is decent size and is fairly bright , which means it 's even visible outdoors in the daytime . things i did n't like about the camera : - manual could be more detailed . there is a bsaic manual and sort of a quick start guide . but there was no 40 page booklet which explained each and every feature in detail . - the auto focus illuminator ( for help in focussing in low light ) is a little bright and can be annoying sometimes . but the upside is that you get good focus even in really low light conditions . - does not come with a battery charger . i bought rechargeable batteries and a charger separately . i have owned the olympus c720 uz and the newer sony dsc s600 , but i think this camera is better than both of them .
11175: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this just arrived thursday so these comments come with minimal time on camera so far . i am also absolutely an amateur user of camcorders so i wo n't be able to comment on the quality of the manual controls , etc. i agree closely with the other two reviews so i wo n't repeat their details . i 'll try to hit a few other topics and also compare the hc7 to the sony hc90 , an earlier model that took 16:9 standard definition video with 3 mp stills . i have taken about one hour of hd video so far , and have viewed it through an hdmi cable on a sony 46 " xbr lcd tv ( 1080p ) . i captured a few indoor scenes , a few neighborhood outdoor scenes , and some footage at harper 's ferry in west virginia - river , mountain , and two trains passing by at close range while i was at the railroad station there . i can say comfortably that you wo n't confuse the video from this camcorder with standard definition camcorder video - when they say high definition , they are n't kidding . if your tv can show the video off to advantage and you 've grown fond of hd , i think you 'd be pleased with this camcorder . in my case , the overwhelming reason i upgraded camcorders was to get the hd video , so this has made it worth the steep expense . my second requirement is to have a camcorder that took decent stills so i only have to carry one piece of equipment around . i already had this in the sony hc90 at 3mp , so going up to 6mp was desirable but not enough to make me buy something this expensive in itself . my only output criticisms so far are that the west virginia footage looks a little brighter and the water a little greener than i remember . i did n't play with any settings so take that with a grain of salt . these camcorders have a lot of manual adjustments you can make which i have not explored . one or more of them undoubtedly would have given me improved footage , and i 'm not unhappy with what i think i noticed in the slightest . the stills look very good to me so far , but i 've only taken about 20 and viewed them on the tv . i normally view stills on a pc . i do n't have a telephoto lens yet so i ca n't report on the quality of the stabilization . i used a tripod today and that was readily apparent in the stability of the video . i was very pleased , by the way , with how well the camera did with the moving trains . very crisp where i expected a fair bit of motion blur . lcd size and controls have been mentioned in first looks . i 'm perfectly happy with a 2.7 " lcd instead of the larger one in the ux7. so this was n't a negative for me personally . the controls ( menus ) are highly similar to those of the sony hc90 i already have . if you have n't seen them before , there 's a learning curve . if you have the hc90 or another camcorder with those menus , you 'll be right at home with the hc7. one note : you can configure p[ersonal]-menus to include the things you use the most in your own order , in addition to the camcorder 's menus . one thing i forgot is that each mode ( video , camera , play / edit ) has its own configurable personal menu . so i was looking for things to add to the play / edit personal menu that i was sure should be configurable , but could n't find them . that was because they belonged only to the filming side , not to the playback side . so you 've got three personal menus you can create , not one . battery : check the sizes on the batteries . the hc90 batteries were very thin . i think three of the batteries for the hc7 fit entirely within its case . the fourth and largest battery looked to be much bigger in one dimension such that i thought it would extend past the end of the camera 1 / 2 " or so . the other three will fit flush into the back of the camera , though they 're not behind a door or anything . battery life : my impression so far is that the battery life statements are accurate , but the batteries drain faster than that of the hc90. this is almost certainly a function of increased power load instead of the older batteries being better than the newer ones . the ccds and the stills and everything are all " more " than in the hc90. so i think i 'm fine with the battery life , but you 'll need to watch it and definitely have more than one battery . size compared to the hc90 : this struck me as being about 10-15% bigger overall than the hc90. it 's maybe 1 / 2 " longer front to back , and wider as well . i think the hc7 is one notch up in size from the average camcorder i see in best buy . but it 's noticeably smaller than last year 's sr1 sony hard disk camcorder , say . i do n't see dropping this one in a coat pocket like i did with the hc90 , but it 's pretty light and still fits in the case i used for the hc90 if i do n't load other stuff in there . fit in the hand : i found a best buy with an hc5 and ux5 on hand and played with both at the same time . these have the same footprint as the hc7 and ux7 as far as i can tell . the hc5 's tape case is maybe 3 / 8 " wider than the ux5 's dvd case . the ux5 's dvd case is maybe 1 / 4 " higher . so i found that my right-hand fingers curled nicely around the smaller but taller ux5 and it felt slightly more comfortable . however , i found that the hc5 's extra width made me curl my palm slightly such that the base of the camcorder fit solidly on top of the ball of my thumb . as i played with this in the store , i realized it seemed like the hc5 actually was easier to hold stable because of this . absolutely try these two out on your own instead of assuming this will be true for you . just wanted to say that the two cases do differ a bit and will probably feel different to you at some level . tape vs dvd ( really hdv vs avchd ) : i spent a lot of time wondering if the noise reported in last year 's avchd ux camcorders would still be present , and if i would care in any case . the detailed reviews still are n't out , so i do n't know whether there will be a noise problem there . but i can say i noticed nothing in the footage so far that i 'd call noise , so my decision to go with the tape and hdv format looks very good to me right now . i have never had the problems people report with mini-dv tapes , so that whole transport discussion ( tape vs dvd ) did n't weigh on me much . the noise discussion did have an effect on my decision , though . getting the video to your tv : " how much money do we have ? " , apparently . i played the tape back to the tv directly , but that 's not a long-term solution . i have heard that you can capture the hdv video and then will be able to transform it on a pc to formats suitable for blu-ray or hdv burners , if you have the money . then you need a blu-ray or hdv player attached to your tv . for now , it sounds like many people are archiving the hdv video to dvds as data files . then they burn playable dvds where the hd is down-converted to standard definition video . so they get to see decent versions of the video now and can produce hd versions for playback in the future as technology changes and prices drop . one other hc7 reviewer also implied that hd files captured by ulead software could be moved to a ps3 hard drive and played back to an hd tv from there . so far , the easy and cheap path we have for sd video to dvds to tvs is not quite there for hd based on what i 've read . the one extra feature i wish the camcorder had was a built-in 20x optical zoom . i 'm sure this would affect both the cost and the size of the barrel negatively , so i " understand " . but that would be #1 on my wish list . overall , i am amazed at what camcorder manufacturers can pack into these shells now . i know we 're talking computers that are way more powerful at image processing than anything that existed ten years ago . but it is still almost like magic to drag a camcorder of this size around , take some video , and then have play it back on a high-quality hd tv looking to me like it was taken with broadcast-level equipment . i know better intellectually , but it 's really great to have a camcorder like this that marries up with the new tvs so beautifully .
11177: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck
11179: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this camera case for my granddaughter for christmas to go with the camera her parents had bought for her . this is the first time i have ever been disappointed with a product i purchased from amazon . it was , in my opinion , not worth the price i paid ! the picture looked much larger that it actually was . i wil continue to purchase through amazon but i will be much more careful and definitely return it if i 'm not satisfied . in this case i did not have time to find another camera case . thanks for giving me the opportunity of expressing my opinion . linda sutto
11181: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is mood making , sexy , great music . neal adds a slight rock edge to some beautiful and familiar melodies . this album is great for background music ( we play it in our store ) , party music or just for listing . one of the best guitar players of all time ' sings ' with his instrument . buy it now
11184: real: neg ; predicted: pos
with a good script and a director better suited to the material ( i 've read pedro almodovar expressed interest in adapting the novel and jonathan demme was originally attached to direct ) , asylum could have been a superb exploration of romantic obsession and a great showcase for star natasha richardson . unfortunately , the film poorly tries to condense too much plot and things happen so fast that the film fails to fully explore the psychology of its characters in cinematic terms.. . a pretty major flaw for a movie that is supposed to be an exploration of the psychological effects of sexual obsession . the basic plot concerns the affair between the bored psychiatrist 's wife ( an excellent natasha richardson ) and one of the asylum 's patients ( an equally good marton csokas ) , under the watchful eye of the patient 's doctor ( ian mckellen ) . there are several plot twists in the last part of the movie , some of which seem quite preposterous , at least in the way the movie was shot . the only reason to watch this movie is to see natasha richardson . she does her best in spite of the choppy script , and she even won a best actress award in london for this film . however , as a psychological thriller or an exploration of sexual repression and obsession , director david mackenzie has done an extremely sloppy job . ( in fact , i remember that in the promotional interviews richardson , credited as an executive producer , sounded very disappointed about the way the movie turned out .
11191: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what can you say about mfl that has n't already been said . sublime , perfect , classic . this is still the definitive recording of the show , and no one has ever come close to the original cast . sadly , while the movie is wonderful , had warner bros . used andrew 's it might have been one of the greatest film musicals of all time . and while audrey hepburn gamely gives it her all , andrew 's had clearly made eliza doolittle her own , and she would have been uncomparable on film , and raised the level of the entire movie . well , the rest is history , andrews went on to be one of the biggest movie stars of the 60's . still , probably the best example of a play being adapted into a musical . as george bernard shaw said ( when he finally gave in and saw it during it 's london run ) " i do n't know where shaw ends and lerner and lowe begins .
11192: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i never received this product and the order tracker never displayed the ' problem with this order ? ' icon . they stole my $20.00 and now have the nerve to ask me about the product . its bad enough i am stuck in iraq , now i have my money stolen . they are thieves . even if i had to return it , i still may have received a refund . do not buy from this seller , i could never report it and now i am out 20$. do not purchase from this seller
11194: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you work in a comic book store , live in your mom 's basement , own a lot of black candles , and think that h . p . lovecraft wrote history books , then you might like this garbage . if you have a life , a clue , or a girlfriend , then you probably will not have any use for this stuff . i still ca n't figure out how record companies get away with classifying this pseudointellectual fluff as metal . it belongs in a category with sisters of mercy or morrisey . this record is completely lacking any imagination or energy : depressing teenagers is like shooting fish in a barrel . i guess if you want to play dungeons and dragons and fester about feeling like an outcast , this would be the thing to listen to . personally i think it 's a huge ripoff when somebody takes five minutes worth of music and stretches it out into an hour . do n't give these jokers your money .
11196: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read these books just for fun thinking i would finish in a few days and not think about it past that . well i had another thing coming . i could n't put the book down once i had started . i missed hours of sleep because of these books . if you want a book that can keep you enraptured for hours read the artemis fowl books you wo n't regret i
11198: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i got to page 26 and gave up . lockes writings lack focus and are void of humour . i read as much as i could with patience until it became clear this book was simply someone rambling on about nothing . save your money for something worth reading
11200: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a load of junk . gu 29 cd1 was ok . everything else these two have done separately is pretty useless . make sure you hear a sample before buying this . do n't say you were n't warned .
11202: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this program for my personal and home business tax return but it did not include all the forms needed so i had to buy another version from them . h&r taxcut included all i needed and was 1 / 2 the price
11203: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this item was purchased for casio exilim 8 megapixel camera . the quality of this item is strong and durable . the camera is small any ways to take with you anywhere by putting it in your pocket . however , to protect the camera , this case provides outstanding protection and is still small and compact to take it with you anywhere
11209: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i own all of bebo norman 's cds , and i love all of them , except for this one . i bought it and listened to it once , and i hated it . it does not sound like bebo . this sounds like steven curtis chapman or michael w . smith or any of the other mass produced christian / pop music artists . on all of his previous albums , even though he changed his sound slightly , it was still generally very acoustic and bebo-ish . this album sounds nothing like his previous music . i was disappointed .
11210: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is an amazing ep - one of boards of canada 's strongest to date . honestly , i did n't enjoy dayvan cowboy that much on campfire headphase , but since it has been recontectualized on trans canada highway , i 'm a huge fan of the song . the new tracks are more like what one would typically expect from boards of canada . warm , fuzzy , mellow , lush analogue synths and plenty of them ! for those who were n't as taken with the newer boc sound on campfire headphase , assuage your fears - this is definitely a return to the traditional sound . that 's not to say though that this is a rehash of old material . one can hear bits and pieces of geogaddi and such , but the overall feel is much closer to music has the right to children . to all boards of canada fans - buy this without hesitation . it does n't matter what you thought of campfire - this is quality . i have one question . the title , trans canada highway , seems to be a fairly obvious reference to kraftwerk 's legendary trans europe express and the album cover seems to point to kraftwerk 's autobahn album cover , but i do n't hear any explicit musical connection . is boards of canada paying a simple titular tribute to kraftwerk , or is there something else buried within ? this calls for repeated listenings
11212: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book does n't make any sense . it is so , so , so b-o-r-i-n-g . the book is not well written , and the sentences are way too short . i woud n't recommand this book to anyone
11213: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the new nikon en-el3e battery is a slight update for the nikon en-el3 provided with earlier dslr models such as the d70. it adds a contact that allows new cameras to determine how much charge is left in the battery . the battery is grey to distinguish it from the black en-el3. the en-el3e is backwards compatible with the en-el3 : you can put it in your d70 or d50. the reverse is not true . the number of pictures that the battery gives you depends on a lot of factors , including shooting style , lcd usage , and of course , camera . ( the 2.5 " lcd on the d200 will use up the battery much quicker than the smaller d70. ) it is sufficient for a day of shooting . unless you are using a d200 in some professional capacity , in which case , you 'll probably be investing in at least one backup battery
11214: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what to write ? the book is kinda story book , and gives passages after passages . if you are looking for a book that gives exercises to develop your psychic power , this one 's not for you
11216: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this a " mystery-triller " starring tom berenger , gretta scacchi , corbin bernsen , joanne whalley-kilmer and bob hoskins , it 's the story of a couple who for some reason plunge off a cliff and survive.she falls out of the car early but he is trapped in and falls drastically , crashing all the way.she maintains a black and blue and a bruised arm , while he amazingly lives , at first leaving him in a coma , but more importantly leaving his face looking like hamburger.he eventually comes out of his coma to find that he has amnesia.later , after being nursed back to health and " falling in love with his wife all over again , " he finds a roll of film of his wife having sex with another man.obviously this makes him question what really happened before the crash and he hires a private investigator to help him find the truth . it sounds good and starts off as a pretty good thriller , but comes predictable fast.i knew the key ' mysteries ' almost immediately and i 'm sure that those who have seen hundreds of movies and law & order episodes will agree.eventhough it is predictable and the movie goes downhill at a certain point it does have some moments.i liked bob hoskins and his role especially but have no reason to ever see this again
11218: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have used both paperport 8 and paperport 9 deluxe for over a year so i am qualified to report . both pieces of software have some form of severe incompatibility with windows xp pro . i cannot really get version 9 to operate . everytime i try its like cold molasses . click...wait....wait....wait...wait...and then lock up . i 'm very experienced . i 've been working with pcs since 1991. every other piece of software i 've loaded works very well...except for paperport 8 and 9. in theory paperport 9 should be fine because it converts all scans to pdf which is more or less a universal file format . however theory is a lot better than reality . support is nonexistent from scansoft . if you pay the $19.95 per incident , you still do not get a solution . the scansoft forum is always either not working ( another bad sign ) or it 's full of people complaining about the software and lack of support . unfortunately there are not a lot of alternatives , but doqments looks promising . avoid paperport unless you have money and time to waste
11219: real: neg ; predicted: pos
more than human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas . the writing is often compared to that of faulkner but i would n't make that connection having read a few of faulkner 's works . sturgeon uses many of faulkner 's narrative trademarks ( i.e. streaming conscious , first person perspective of low iq individuals , disorienting changes in first person narrative ) but i did n't feel the net effect really compared to say something like as i lay dying . i love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously . this results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books . more than human is slow , dated and not what i would describe as genre transcending nor would i recommend it to others . so the idea might of been original in the 50 's but topics like telekenesis , esp , computer-brain babies , and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before ( asimov ) and since . this book rarely set off that wow ! button in my head or kept me turning pages . this book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best . in 1953 there were 5 hugo award nominees for best science fiction book ( determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004 ) the retro hugo awards are fascinating because the voting ( in this example ) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society ca n't really be ignored . besides more than human , the far superior the caves of steel , childhood 's end , and farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi . needless to say , more than human did not win ( farenheit 451 did and rightfully so ) bottom line : i wanted to like this book and it does n't surprise me that others give it such high praise . these are probably people that do n't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests
11220: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book does n't even deserve a star . i just fell upon it , on a bookshelf with loads of old books in my house . i 'm nearly 17 years old , and perhaps this book is the kind that you appreciate as you get older , but honestly , i do n't see myself enjoying this book even in 20 years.. . i 've read so many reviews raving about how ' poetic , sensual , wonderful ' it is and what a talent the person is...sorry i do n't see it ! anyone can write a bunch of sex stories . i did n't see anything poetic in the writing...it was plain . as for sensual and arousing ? hardly . it was crude , and vulgar . it was sex , sex , sex.. . and presented harshly , with none of the sensuality , the sweetness , the gentle pleasure one likes to associate with sex.. . it was boring , repetitive , and i 'll admit disturbing . what was the point of the story where the hungarian whatever forced himself on his adolescent children ? or the raped little boy ? it was just weird . there 's just the sex , and no development of any points she may be trying to make . it 's kind of just left there...unfinished.. . unsatisfying . frankly , it was so distasteful ( vulgar ) , i was shocked . and i 'm not religious , puritan , conservative or any such thing...quite the opposite , i have an open mind . but this book left me cold
11222: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the camera worked fine ; however , after six months , it stopped working . i took it to a pentax authorized repairer and pentax refused to pay for the camera because the was dirt and grit in the zoom mechanism . my use was in no way abusive . i had a previous canon powershot s200 that lasted forever with the same usage , until i gave it away . i guess i should have stayed with canon . i bought the pentax for its size and lightweight , but what good is that if it does n't last ! do n't get the pentax and expect long term use out of it
11224: real: pos ; predicted: neg
an absolute must have for all parents , families and professionals ! as a speech & amp ; language pathologist , i have worked with special needs children for 17 years , and finally i have viewed a high quality product for children diagnosed with down syndrome . informative , comprehensive and heart warming are just a few words to describe this excellent dvd . i would highly recommend it for not only families , but for all professionals working with this population . in fact , i believe it should be part of the training and curriculum for all disciplines intending to serve these wonderful children . thanks for a great product
11226: real: pos ; predicted: neg
that is what this film meant to me , looking at the kaleidiscope of life as it passes by , so sweet , so unsatisfying at times yet so perfect when the right person is there . this film is a poem to paris and the passing of youth , with the hope of recapturing that one love , which when found engraves itself so deeply that it is like a hinge in the mind , always present , always remembered , always desired . the two lovers meet , seemingly a lifetime away from when they met by chance on a train , and with instant rapport they tell eachother in the space of a few hours everything that happened since they met 10 years earlier . they see how much they meant to eachother , how much they still could , like two pieces of a puzzle that fit . this is a genuinely beautiful film , more mature than the last one , much sadder and in many ways better and more realistic . it opened that sense of mystery that i have known , in life and its surprises and potential in the luck of finding true intimacy . julie delphy is one of those rare women who gets more beautiful as she ages . she has become a sad person , stalled in relationships , though she is living up to her ideals . ethan hawke is struggling to grow with his success , in a down phase of his marriage and needing their friendship very badly . their relationship , so brief , rings totally true , in its humor , commitment , and occasional awkwardness . perhaps this is sentimental , but i think i have known love like this . it is an image more in my mind than the person perhaps , but our friendship is as deep as it was when we met nearly 35 years ago . some people simply pierce thru to the heart , earning a permanent place no matter who they later marry or what they become . it is an extraordinary sympathy for one another that is beyond sex ( well , maybe not too far beyond.. . ) . highest recommendation . this succeeds brilliantly at a snapshot in time , with an entire history implied behind it , like the greatest art . and i do think that the ending is ambiguous and must be interpreted , which is also so very much like real life
11227: real: pos ; predicted: neg
small town america.. . only this is n't the pleasant and white-picketed small town america of film noir fame , it 's the gray and colorless small town america of neo-noir , and there 's the man on the sidewalk looking like a lost bum to prove it . a bum who 's being approached by that famous " man in a black trenchcoat " ... hard eight ( aka sydney , but i 've yet to see a version of it anywhere that actually claims that title ) is a debut pretty much as promising as blood simple to the brothers coen . paul thomas anderson immediately sets out to give us only the best , with actors he wants to make famous and a script that has characters doing almost nothing we want ( or expect ) them to do , but who yet remain completely sympathetic throughout . anderson also uses neo-noir color to great effect , allowing red and blue to do what harsh black and white contrast is supposed to do in classical noir . that said , anderson still knows where the majority of the talent lies , and despite the long takes and steady-cam shots that would develop into those dizzying long takes from later movies , he focuses most of his time on the characters ' faces , and just lets them be . if he had n't already done the amazing and always stunning later work of magnolia , boogie nights , and punch drunk love , i 'd say that this is a " promising debut that makes me impatient for the next anderson picture to come out , " but since he does now have four classics notched into his belt , i must say , " see this to see anderson at his roots , " and " man i ca n't wait for his next feature ! " - -polarisdi
11228: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i recently purchased the anime studio 5 but not the pro version , which costs 150 more and gives more functionality . this is a fully functioning animation software , with lots of interesting features . i can see no reason that a novice animator such as i am would not be happy with this software . i would like to see more energy put into a manual , but you can scavenge the anime blog / chat site to find answers , or google other places . with a more robust manual , this would be 5 stars , not 4. it is really the reason i am reluctant to upgrade to pro , because i would want more lessons and tutorials to go along with the upgrade . if you have an interest in animating , this is the software for you .
11229: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i carry a lot of tension in my neck and upper back , and as a result get a lot of headaches . i have been using the real-ease for about two months , and have found it very effective at releasing the tension in my neck and upper back and alleviating my headaches . i have not used it as a preventative - only when i already have a headache . if something happened to the one i have , i would definitely buy another
11232: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the opening song " cups " by the salt lake city orchestra was one of the first songs i downloaded on my ipod . it is such a great mix ! i just love it ! oh yeah.. . and the rest of the cds are n't bad either.. . ; - )
11233: real: neg ; predicted: pos
too lisa loeb for me . sorry . maybe if someone else wrote her lyrics
11236: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had an old caruso molecular setter that finally conked out . i thought the ion feature of this would be great . the clicking is annoying , but if it worked , i would n't mind . this puts out way less steam , causing the amount of time it takes to heat a curler much longer than the old system . then , after all that , it only curls about 1 / 2 as much . so , it takes longer for less curl- -not worth it . i hope i can get another caruso , but i hear they have problems now , too . ahhhh , remember the good old days when things worked
11239: real: pos ; predicted: neg
wow what a great cd . i 'm a big music fan of alot of different types of music and i have to say that this is one of the best cds that came out in 2004. you ca n't go wrong with this one . a
11241: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm a huge don cheadle fan , but this film is unworthy of him . [people] who claim that it 's a story about racism either do n't understand the film or do n't understand racism . basically , here 's the plot : the character played by mekhi pfeiffer is an unwitting accomplice in a botched armed robbery that leaves three people dying on the floor of a grocery store . rather than summon help for the others , all pfeiffer can think to do is help himself to the money in the cash register . he is caught , and in the ensuing trial the prosecutor calls him an animal because of his depraved indifference to human life . that is supposed to be the psychological turning point in the film , because pfeiffer 's family insists on proving that he 's no animal and can take his punishment - - in this case , death - - with his head held high . yeah , right . guess what ? he is an animal , and if the story had involved all-black or all-white characters , racism would n't be an issue . a more compelling question : if pfeiffer 's family was so concerned with his " dignity , " why did n't they teach him moral values in the first place
11243: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this product based on my research of users opinions and found it has lived up to their high opinions . i have boxes of family photos as well as numerous camcorder tapes of family events . i wanted an easy comprehensive program that would let me arrange photos and video clips , add music and burn on a dvd . this program does it all and more . it may not do everything extremely well , but for the price , well enough to put out an impressive dvd . after about two hours of getting familiar with the program , i was able to create a dvd that had 35 pictures and a video clip with background music - stunning results . i played the dvd on several different brands of dvd players and had no problems . looks great on tv . i 've had no problems running the program on my computer - i 'm running this on a pentium iv 2.9 ghz , 1 gig ram and 200 gb ram hd . since i am a beginner / weekend hobbyist , this suites my purpose of sharing pictures with family - i 'm finding much better to share on dvd than paper photos . for an all-in-one package at this price , it does the job very well and i would recommend it .
11244: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have used wordperfect and quattro almost from their inception , so i have seen both of them improve over many years . those years of practise have resulted in wordperfect office x3 , a really outstanding product . because many other organizations and people that i work with use ms word and ms excel , in the past i have had no choice but to grudingly use them in response . now , however , wordperfect and quatropro can translate word and excel , incoming and outgoing . therefore , i no longer have to maintain two office programs . many years of using wp office have probably prejudiced me , but i find it more user friendly than ms office ; however , the biggest difference is that corel is responsive and helpful whereas ms is almost impossible to deal with
11250: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the lifesource bp monitor was just what i wanted and was priced just right . it was delivered in a timely manner and i am a happy camper along with my wife . thanks .
11253: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i had the distinct pleasure of seeing richard jeni live a few years ago and i gotta tell you that i really almost peed my pants . he was astoundingly funny . this dvd definitely captures his comic genius , although it is woefully short compared to the amazing talent that he is and that he expressed in the huge amount of material he developed . it was incredibly sad to see that he took his own life which , from what i heard , was based at least in part on the fact that he was not able to get the gigs he used to get , which is itself really sad . he developed what i think is the best comedy , which is comedy that stings and bites because it reveals us human beings as full of weaknesses that are , ultimately , pretty stupid in the face of everything good in this world . he will be sorely missed in this world that needs more people to show us all the dumb things we do...and by doing so , how we should and can be a lot better than we are
11255: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is possibly one of the worst films i have ever seen . the writing and acting , as far as i am concerned , are no better than that of a middle school live performance . the only reason i did n't turn it off was that i was hoping something in the movie might help me justify spending $10 to buy it used . that something never came . i would never waste my time on this movie when there are others on this topic that so richly deserve my viewing time investment , such as & quot ; schindler 's list&quot ; & amp ; & quot ; the pianist&quot ; . trust me , pass it up just as fast as you can
11257: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've had this book since 1997 and i still refer to it for ideas . it has such a unique and diverse pictorial on each page by ' grand ' and ' credible ' photographers . for anyone who takes pictures...likes pictures...this book is a must get for you . i have it on my coffee table and i get rave comments on it all of the time about what a great book it is
11259: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it is great to be able to read all the avenger comics again . i read them as a kid , but did n't get to read the very beginning . i hope that they bring out more of the comic book characters on dvd . i will buy more
11266: real: neg ; predicted: pos
buyer beware : this program will critically impair your system ! internet loading will be drastically crippled . expect frequent system choppiness due to automatic downloading and background processes . there is no way to close mcafee to get around these drawbacks other than to uninstall . i am going to return this first thing next week . i gave them a few weeks to improve performance with patches and upgrades , but nothing has changed . if only i had read the reviews ahead of time . bottomline : if you do n't mind these side-effects , by all means purchase this program ; mcafee has solid protection . but there are easier ways to get that protection
11267: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a wonderful item if or when it works . it prints the pictures beautifully if it works . the trouble is that after using it for a little while ( and i mean a little while ) it will quit feeding the paper in and the lights start blinking saying that you are out of paper and that you are out of ink . i have messed with it and messed with it , for some of you who have the same problems sometimes cleaning the feeder roller with rubbing alcohol will get it to work but this does n't work all the time . right now my printer wo n't work and i cleaned the roller and it is very aggravating as the paper and ink are n't cheap . i think it is cheaper going down to walmart and using their instant photo machine . this is not worth the money or the aggravation ! ! ! !
11268: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i found this item to be equal to the conair curling iron you can buy in a drug store for less money
11269: real: pos ; predicted: neg
have had several norelco razors over the years . this is the closest shave i have ever gotten from any electric razor - and it is also the quietest . only comment is that it requires recharging more frequently that its claims but not enough of a problem to offset the quality of shave . highly recommend
11273: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this cd is awesome from beginning to end . i really enjoy listening to this type of music . this cd is a must have .
11276: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this sweet little thing because i am planning a day in nyc and do n't want to bring along my regular camera , which is bulky . this camera is nice and small and would fit in any purse or coat pocket . it has 5 mp and a 3x optical zoom which is great for the price . the pictures i took outside turned out outstanding . inside pics were a bit pixelated , but i may have had the settings wrong . the camera is easy to use right out of the box . perfect for a second camera to keep on you just in case
11280: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm giving this a 2 stars only because my daughter also had this camera on her wish list . if not i would of been upset having recieved the wrong camera that i ordered........ .
11281: real: pos ; predicted: neg
goes over the problem in detail , but without excessive hand-wringing . a diversity of well selected examples , with helpful discussions and observations . if codependence and " rescuing " people are issues you struggle with , definitely get this book
11286: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i installed a wd 320g usb drive to use as a backup drive . i used the hd backup software to do auto backups . unfortunatly the software took controll of the entire drive and i could not use it as you would a normal drive ( drag n drop ) or access a particular file . i used partition magic to reclaim my usb drive and in the process i partitioned the drive . the drive now works as i want it to i have control ! partition magic was very easy to use and didi a perfect job .
11288: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the only problem that i had , was loading the actual program on the three computers that i have.you had to delete your old norton antivirus 2006 before starting.also i have one more problem that after i loaded the norton antivirus 2007 - 3 users on the last computer i still get a error that i need to down load the latest updates , which i already did
11291: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this curling iron impulsively , as i perused through the " gold box " items some time ago . when i first received the it , i was amazed at how well it worked ; it heated up quickly , and did a wonderful job on my hair . after a couple months , i turned it on , left the room for a minute , and came back to find the tip melted off , hanging from a strand of what little plastic was still attached . i thought about returning it , but decided ( rather stupidly , in retrospect ) to continue to use it...big mistake . it heated up way beyond what it should have , even when i put it at a " low " setting of 5. when i attempted to use it , the sizzling sound indicated to me that i had , indeed , made a mistake . the next day , coworkers were commenting on my lovely new short haircut . if you 're really interested in purchasing this item , please learn from my mistake , and if the tip melts off , take that as a sign that it will also melt your hair
11292: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this film is among the worst , most pointless , and most inane garbage that i 've ever had the misfortune to view . contrary to popular belief the alien was not cute he was creepy ! the little boy was extremely annoying , and his relationship with the alien made me ill ! actually it made me more than ill , it was down right disturbing ! his bond with the alien was one of the most freeky thing i have ever had to witness , and the kids family was just obnoixious . by the time the alien go home no one really cares anymore . you are just relieved that the film is finally over . watch it only to say that you 've seen this .
11293: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this to display mpeg movies ( which it says it can ) . i was told by tech support that i had to use a divx encoder and that they must be avi ( which is also incorrect ) . the sanyo xacti video camera i was using was mpeg-4 ( the ipod accepts the files without issue ) , i tried converting them in quicktime to several different types of mpeg4 and none worked . there are better frames out there and i intend on finding out which one is the best . i have ordered another brand and will see if it works . this was by first product return on amazon .
11296: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought two of these based on a 2005 customer review saying they do n't have automatic shutoff , but now they do . i guess this is considered an improvement , but i bought them for an elderly cat , and she ca n't reset the control every hour . they are a good value if you do n't mind the auto shutoff
11298: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i remember way back in ' 80 when this movie was the buzz of hollywood . that is , the buzz on johnny carson . the media killed this movie before anybody had the chance to judge it for itself . yet , in the mid 80 's , it came out on both betamax and vhs , and naturally i bought me a beta copy to judge for myself what kind of a movie it was . first , it is not a drive in movie or one made for mass consumption . it is long and intraclly woven together . it is lavish and sometimes loud . it is a brutal slap in the face to " manifest destiny " and a cruel dig to the sickos that even today claim that this is " god 's " country . as if their ' god " gave them wealth and privilige and that this god justifies revolution , massacre and war . many comparisons can be mase with the america of the late 19th century and the america ruled presently by king george w . and his robber barons of capitalism . but it is now , as then , much more conveniant to steer the " common man " into their churches , into their army , into their lies . the enemy is those " illegal aliens " those in the " gay agenda , " those who dare to investigate or challenge the status quo . kris kristofferson plays a mayor / sherriff if wealth and means who ( shock-shock ) sides with the common man and the undertrodden . when another of his " breeding and class " challenges him on why he stands up for the underdogs and not his own class , he replies to the creep : " you are not of my class , to be of my class you first have to die and be born again ! " this is a revolutionary movie , meant to be savored , each and every minute of it . this movie dares you to look at things usually not into history books or shown on the history channel
11300: real: pos ; predicted: neg
these are excellent performances for a very reasonable price . the look of some of the videos as well as some of the film stock is " dated " but the performances easily shine through . not quite as well played , recorded or filmed as bernstein 's many later unitel films but still well worth the investment . i wo n't spend time on details but rest assured it 's all great stuff !
11306: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i just bought and installed this cd with the hopes of learning some haitian creole , and i , too , could n't find it . there is absolutely nothing on the installation cd that mentions either haiti or creole.. . except the jewel case which insists it 's there . i 'm so dissapointed i have n't actually tested anything else out : i consider this a very bad start
11309: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've only been using lightroom for a day , but i was pleasantly surprised with the photoshop integration . just hit cmd-e , and lightroom creates a copy of the photo ( with our without the changes you applied in lightroom ) for editing in photoshop format , and groups that copy in a stack with the original . as you save your changes in photoshop , the image is updated in lightroom . i felt that the workflow was very smooth .
11310: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera case fits the camera perfectly and the extra battery is a must . the price of the two items together is the same as the battery alone in local electronics stores . so , i look at it as getting the case for free !
11312: real: pos ; predicted: neg
hi , i 'm not a " review " person , but when i read the existing reviews , i felt like doing this . i used this product for 2 months and i must tell you that it really works ! i 'm hispanic-black woman ( dominican ) with relaxed fine hair and my hair grows normally , but only neck-chin lenght , no further than that . with this product i achieved a maximum growth rate and now my hair is leaving behind the accustomed lenght . i bought again the product to see how longer it can grows ! ! ! i 've been completely sincere with you...i 'm not a staffer of this product company , i 'm a real and very happy user ! ! ! hope this comment will be helpful for other women . i have only one last thing to say : try it ! ! ! ! it worked for me. .
11315: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i received the camera i thought of giving it a 5 star because the good looking and nice picture . after 6 months use , i wish i could give it a 0 star . it 's true it looks good but it 's very hard to hold the camera . it droped twice when i took pictures . also the lens is too small . the dirt is very easy to get onto the lens and very hard to clean b / c it 's small . thanks the dirty lens , the picture quality is worse than ever . the battery is very small too . after 6 months use , it can not hold enought power to shoot 10 pictures ! they have to put the buttons here and there to fit the small space . it 's not a user friendly camera .
11317: real: neg ; predicted: pos
first of all , let 's talk about the noise level on this thing . yikes ! that should be against some kind of consumer protection law . the blowdryer part is ok , but did n't like the brushes at all . i 'll go back to my conair stying brush and my straightener . live and learn
11318: real: pos ; predicted: neg
neil young 's latest release has some very clever and interesting songs . they are very political so unless you are a completest who likes neil young , if you agree with president bush , this album will be a turn-off . for the politically neutral or those who agree with neil young this is a good album . maybe this is not neil young 's best but it still is a good album
11319: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this camera / mp3 / camcorder / webcam / voice recorder is way to good to be true ! i brought one because it was cute and looked perfect for mini movies . but i was sadly mistaken.. . this camera just takes cheap pictures and videos . the only thing that actully worked properly was the voice recorder that i had no need for . after about 3 days of trying to make it work a little better i gave up and sold it on ebay for the same price as i brought it for . it 's a great idea.. . but it just is n't a good camera but if you want a voice recorder this is pretty nice . the mp3 player is n't all that wonderful either . it does n't work with itunes . or easy work with windows . hope this helps.. . i wish i would have read this before i brought this camera
11320: real: pos ; predicted: neg
following up on the success of the chocolate chip cookie murder , this is the second volume in the hannah swenson murder mysteries . here again , we find hannah coping with the brutal minnesota winter when the unthinkable happens . hannah finds a body ! the local high school coach and secret wife beater is found dead face down in hannah 's strawberry shortcake . his wife certainly has a motive , but is she the real killer ? the police are inclined to think so , but hannah certainly does not . with the aide of her sister , andrea , she sets out to find the real killer . many suspenseful twists and turns follow as hannah and andrea proceed on their relentless mission to free an innocent woman . will they succeed and find the real killer ? only in the last few chapters will you find out the answer to this riddle . once again , author joanne fluke has surpassed herself with another excellent novel . the cozy and inviting atmosphere found in the first novel continues here against the backdrop of the cruel minnesota cold . many delicious recipes are included so you can share the experience right along with hannah and her friends . her strained relationship with her mother continues as her friendship with norman grows and her closeness to her sister andrea deepens . the novel keeps you in suspense right up until the very end providing an exhilarating mystery ride . this is a novel not to be missed . very highly recommended . smash
11321: real: pos ; predicted: neg
not as epically gorgeous as ' once upon a time in america ' , but still lovely . there 's a south american influence that lends a very fresh sound to the entire soundtrack . my favourite track is an ave maria- -in guarani . haunting . however , " gabriel 's oboe " is the theme that makes this score . being an oboist , it of course holds a particular appeal to me- -and the oboe performing the theme is really something to be aspired to
11322: real: neg ; predicted: pos
they changed pretty much everything . for starters they completely removed all of the normal menus such as file , tool , and edit . which means you ca n't use the keyboard for quick and easy menu access . well maybe you can , but you would have to memorize all of the commands instead of having the nice little visual cues which made previous versions of office ( and almost all other pc programs ) so much easier to use . you basically have to use the mouse for everything . and in my experience there is no faster way to repetitive stress injury than over-mousing . the ribbon is just awful . first of all it 's huge . it takes up about four times the space of my customized toolbar . they place nearly every button imaginable on it . and as far as i can tell you ca n't change it around or simplify it . every function is displayed all the time whether you need it or not . which makes finding anything a real pain in the neck . you can make the ribbon retract which at first glance seems nice . but in reality it turns what used to be simple 1-click operations into 3-click operations ( extend ribbon , spend several minutes searching for button , click button , retract ribbon ) . good grief ! what a pain . this software did n't last 24 hours on my system before i restored my old version of office . this new interface is about the most awful thing i 've ever seen on a computer . i know of certain free open source office suites that i prefer to this monstrosity . that being said i still prefer any and all previous versions of ms office to the free one . in fact i would rather be using my old wordperfect from 1995 than this *thing* that ms is trying to shove down our throats . if only i had n't thrown that disc away six years ago.. . before you " invest " your money in this software i strongly recommend you download the free trial version . then buy an earlier version
11325: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this pad barely got warm . it 's going back ! since this is the same complaint as with another sunbeam model i tried , i suspect it is n't defective but intentional.. . probably for legal reasons . but should n't a heating pad actually have some heat to it ? ?
11326: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you wonder why you 're feeling lethargic or if you have one of those little abdominal paunches you thought was just advancing age , then you might need probiotic therapy . you might even need it if your resistance to colds is low ! because we live much " cleaner " lives than our ancestors did , sterilizing our dishes , putting our food in the fridge , and spraying pesticides on everything , we live our lives virtually bacteria-free . free of the good bacteria , that is . the baddies seem to still get us , and without the good ones to balance them out , we 're in trouble . a lack of friendly bacteria in your intestines can cause problems throughout your body . to put it in " nice " terms , it 's a little like having backed up plumbing inside you , and the world just ai n't gonna be right until you fix it . i started on probiotic therapy several months ago , and i was amazed at the following things that happened almost immediately : *that little stomach paunch went away . i kid you not . talk about an instant self-esteem booster . *my chronic [men , cover your ears] yeast infections decreased dramatically ( even without my eliminating wheat from my diet , which i know i ought to do ) . *i had more energy and felt more like the me of years ago . *i became more resistant to colds than i used to be . if you 're considering supplementing your diet with probiotics , you should know that not all of them are created equal . in fact , testing done by www.consumerlab.com indicates that the vast majority of probiotic supplements do n't deliver the number of live organisms they claim - - not even close ! those little creatures are very delicate , and things like processing , shipping , and sitting on your shelf can kill them . and let 's not even talk about what your stomach acid does to them . primal defense is one of the few supplements that delivers the amount of probiotics it claims to . ( i can tell from its effects on me . ) in addition , it contains lots of good-for-you green foods that also help build that all-important inner strength . one very important caveat about primal defense , though : because it 's so effective , do n't even think about starting out taking 3 tablets a day ! not unless you do n't mind a lot of abdominal discomfort and are able to spend several days all by yourself at home . i took one a day for about 2 months , and then i finally felt ready to move up to 2. it 'll be at least another month before i 'm up to the recommended 3. one more thing : drink lots of water . you need it anyway , and primal defense works best when you 're well hydrated
11327: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i watched this dvd in one of my classes and it left me feeling hoplessly hopeless ! i really dont know what to think about the whole presentation . the presence of chomsky makes it look reputable but who knows , he might have been taken out of context although it seemed not . if what they claim about corporations is true , then we are getting ready to implode in one way or another.i 'll keep away from political lines and just suggest that you watch it and decide.. . i had given it a rating of 3 but just changed it to 4. the material is more plausible than otherwise
11329: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am a female bowhunter who really had trouble judjing distances on green fields . this is a great product . it is easy to use and very accurate
11330: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i do not own this cd , but i recently saw the doctor at a local jazz club and was blown away . he had a good sense of humor and was very worldly . he would ascend and spiral upwords untill every one in the club 's heart rate had spead up 100 notches.. . and boom.. . he was back to being relaxed old lonnie . at the break i met him , and got an autograph . he was very insightful musical and with spoken words.i would reccomend seeing him live , aswell as buying his album
11336: real: pos ; predicted: neg
okay , take everything that you know about john squire . strip away the amazing stone roses first album , the not so amazing follow up , the nice brit pop of his work with the seahorses and picture this as a solo album from a new artist and i honestly think that peoples thoughts on this album would change drastically . they would realize that every track on it is a winner and that the guitar work is amazing and beautiful , the vocals might be grating at first ( think robert forster ( the go-betweens ) circa before hollywood ) but that upon repeated listens grows on you and you eventually end up loving . what you expect going into an album has alot to do with how much you like or dislike it and this album is no exception . people should listen to it for what it is and not for what john squire was...john squire is an established song writer who has moved beyond what he used to do ( who has n't moved on in 13 years ? minus robert smith of course ! ) and now writes beautiful pop songs...john squire has grown up just like his original audience has and this solo album is the perfect proof of that
11337: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i love the who , a big part of my youth , probably in my dna , but let 's not kid ourselves : this is professional rock and roll made by professional rock and rollers . is there any lyric here that pete has n't written before ? still writing about getting your first hit single ? ! and sadly the music sounds like face dances and all the best cowboys..etc , but not the who sell out or empty glass . the band itself sounds faceless , generic . the only redeeming features are the raspy passion in roger 's voice and pete 's right hand . i hope the complete album makes garbage of this review , but unless pete has written truthfully and passionately about something or anything of what his life and the world has been like in the last twenty years i 'm afraid , like wire & glass , it will only be a rehash of previous works , no matter how good it sounds . here 's hoping i 'm wrong
11339: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first time i put this workout dvd on , i expected to see exercises designed for abs , buns and thighs . what i actually saw was an easier version of the kickboxing dvd . i kept going , thinking it would get to the abs , buns and thighs , but it never did ! the other huge problem with this video is that half of it is filmed from the waist up , or headshots only , so when you are being introduced to a new step in the routine , you ca n't even learn it , because you cannot see the instructors legs or feet . also very irritating how there are interruptions in filming , picking up on a different beat to where it left off . all in all an awful purchase and not even worth the $4.86 paid . i turned it off halfway through the second workout and put billy blanks taebo on instead . much better ! ! !
11340: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ca n't say i liked this cd . jessica simpson was good when she started , but as her popularity has grown , her talents have declined . she commited murder the day she recorded senatra 's song for " the dukes of hazard " movie
11342: real: neg ; predicted: pos
they spend the first half of this movie saying how great the ultimate warrior was . the journey is awesome ! then all of the sudden , the paid wwe guys just began to bad-mouth the warrior . maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved ? they take some very low blows . they say that the warrior was a bad wrestler . actually he seemed just fine to me when i was young , and i really ca n't distinguish one 's ability from the other . they just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations . vince says quickly that the reason why the ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test . as soon as he says this , they fade to black then come back with a new issue . what drug use ? which drugs ? presumably they 're talking about steroids . but what about that high and mighty hulk hogan with his admitted drug use . let 's not talk about that - let 's just keep ganging up on the warrior . they completely ridicule him changing his name to the warrior . and they also just try to badmouth him so much . who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him ? i do n't ! he excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including hulk . and oh yeah - they do n't even let the warrior defend himself . why did i have to find out from imdb.com that he was asked to appear but declined ? why do n't they address this ? this " docu " is more slanted than " fahrenheitt 911 " every wrestling and ultimate warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it . it just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth , tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking .
11344: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this movie ended where tyrese gibson and meagan good meet up again in mexico . but heck , they are both fugitives hiding from the law . how is this a proper happy ending ? although , i will admit , meagan good is a fine looking young lady . just knowing that she was in this film , got me to want to watch it . however , i do n't understand the appeal of these kinds of films . violent " black / gangsta " films with lots of foul language , gun-play , and just bad tempered attitudes . even that music sounds like it would stir up hatred and provoke violence and harm to anyone just passing by . i wish people would get rid of that " what are you looking at ? " mentality that just seems to encourage fear to innocent people just passing by . my wife is asian , and her older sister married an hispanic guy . we go to their house every thanksgiving and christmas . nothing makes my holidays more depressing than to have to go over to his house and have to watch these violent " gangsta " movies , with his kids . i 'm trying to teach my kids to not have any prejudices of other races , but these kinds of films make the black race look bad . there was n't very many positive messages in this movie . and if black people are so offended by the use of the " n " word , then why do they keep using it themselves ? if it 's such an offensive term , then they need to stop using it themselves . these kinds of movies promote and glorify the ugly side of being black in the " big city " . black people need to do more movies with more " positive " themes . we gotta work together if we 're going to diminish our black and white prejudices . i wish my brother-in-law would stop having this kind of crap on his tv when i have my children over . it 's hard to talk to him about it , especially when he thinks there is nothing wrong with our kids watching these kinds of films . what 's more , it 's hard to reason with someone that has to use the " f " word in every sentence . i 'm really beginning to struggle with my prejudices within my own family .
11345: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this replacement battery is half the cost of canon 's yet offers longer life . i bought it when i first got my sd10. when one battery runs out , the spare goes in . the lenmar still works great while the canon is near end life ! i am buying two more since they are so cheap ! do not buy no name batteries on ebay . they do not last worth a darn and are basically a waste of money ! do n't do it. .
11347: real: neg ; predicted: pos
not worthy of the firm name , this workout was repetitive , boring and does n't belong in a firm lineup . if you 're a true firm believer and love the originals , do n't waste your time with this one , it will only disappoint
11349: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is such a great book i have boughten copeys for all my childern
11350: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a jew living in a college town in mississippi for the past 5 years . i was born & raised in the north . i think evans should rename his book " fiddler on the roof in the south " . his book is a very nostalgic look back at jewish history - as it was in the past here . it 's very much : the southern jews were all so happy , they all fit in and were accepted , etc. he does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us ' yankee jews ' , like the instances when a few ( yankee ) rabbis in the south fought for civil rights . evans should realize that times have really changed here ! the evangelical christians in my town ( which is most people here ) harrass me like crazy - ' i am praying for you ! ' ' have you read the words of jesus , who was a jew like you ? ' ' when will you come to my church' . blah , blah , blah . thank god for the minority of catholics , methodists , presbyterians and a few others who live here . they are the only ones to accept me for the way i am , and the way i will stay - a jew . i want all who are reading this to realize that i am only speaking for my experience . jews who reside in cities in the south have told me that they have had far better experiences , and that they cannot relate to what i am saying . but i do want to ask evans a few questions : 1 ) if things are so great for the jews in the south : why have you lived in new york for decades now ? ? ? 2 ) why do n't you at least write either a new forward to the book , a magazine article , etc. , contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of jews in the south have changed over time ( for some of us at least ) , primarily due to the rise of the evangelical christians ? i read evans ' books before i moved here , and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here . for a jew who really cares about her / his religion living here is depressing ; it is practically jew-less ; and , at best , the majority of a certain denomination of christians here ignore me . ( by the way , i am planning to move to a city ! ) by the way , do n't bother writing to me to tell me that i am " wrong " , or to invite me to things like the bible study at your church . believe me , with all the praying for me that is going on in this town , and all the myriad attempts to convert me , if it has n't happened by now , as they say in these parts , it just ai n't gonna happen
11351: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this just to voice my opinion on the new ran transfer . while i agree it is an improvement over the atrocious fox lorber edition ( which is not that great an achievement considering the fox lorber dvd was one of the worst products in the history of home entertainment ) , this tranfer is still a long way from doing this masterpiece justice . yes , the colors are vivid but the sharpness and definition are exceptionally poor and the heavy edge enhancement ( straight from hell ! ) does n't make it any better . i have seen transfers of movies that are some 30 or 40 years older than ran but look far better . the problem becomes very obvious when one watches this dvd via progressive component output on a large screen - a video tape was used as a master ( and a poor one at that ) . the only way to restore such an important movie properly and thereby finally showing mr. kurosawa the respect he deserves would have been to make a direct digital transfer off an original film negative , before applying filters or any enhancements . why this opportunity was ( again ) wasted here escapes me totally and angers me very much . another problem seems to be the excessive use of noise reduction on the video , which is in part responsible for the poor definition of the transfer . for my part , i would much sooner live with a bit of visible film grain and the odd dust speckle than to have a such a " saucy " soft picture without much " bite " and detail . there is no excuse for posting such an objectively false statement . and yes , the packaging is a liability - my dvds must have been bobbing about in there all the way across the atlantic and looked accordingly . shocking . i would have gladly payed twice the price if they had kept all the cards and posters and instead got the most important thing right : the image quality of ran . like this , i 'm very disappointed
11356: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the individual packaging is nice but the floss breaks frequently nexcessitating more than one to floss your teath . the glide products are much nicer
11359: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this story is very dark , full of menace and dark thoughts . not great for kids . ok for adults if that 's what you like . a hard story , not much gentleness in it except for a couple of moments
11363: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i never received this item - - nor could i get a response from the company when i asked about it . my opinion - - rip off
11368: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was unable to play in my car cd player , so only choice i got is to listen at home using my home dvd player .
11369: real: pos ; predicted: neg
forget the nit-picky comments you may read here , if you are a fan of any of the artists on this album , buy it ! the recording is of very high quality , and i agree with another review , vacuum tube amplification makes the vocals even better . the banter between the artists in between the musical numbers is a real treat for fans too young to experience these shows live . one other observation , if you buy this not having a huge appreciation for sammy already , you will be blown away by his talent . ..thanks to sinatra family for releasing this disc . hopefully many more are forthcoming
11372: real: neg ; predicted: pos
...and im happy about it ! i think i might cry if'n it shows up again . fareals . if albums where 3 dimensional this wouldn e'en make the c-side ! i love me some roy , but bruh hurt me with this one . i forgive him tho , cause he done gave me much much pleasure up til now.. . ...um , hope that came out right . *pimp struts off stage / pounds chest with gorilla fist / machismo free flowing* m'out yall , peace !
11376: real: neg ; predicted: pos
be warned , if you have a computer with a slot dvd drive , you simply cannot transfer your video files to your computer for editing , sharing , whatever . ca n't be done without a series of possibly mythical workarounds and loss of quality with each step . i was even willing to consider buying an external dvd drive with a firewire connection and a loading tray that supported the 8 cm disks , but could n't find one . i searched all over , asked in several places on the apple web boards , talked to the ' geniuses ' at the apple store - this camera is simply not usable with a macintosh that has a slot drive . talk about crazy !
11378: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this movie was only good because of two reasons . rammstein , and queens of the stone age . other than that , completel out of control p.o.s. that keeps its viewers contemplating whether they have died and this movie is their eternal punishment in hell
11380: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've owned this workout for about three years . i do it on occasion if i feel like i need to slap my legs in to shape . it does a great job of increasing muscle stamina in the lower body . however , i have to force myself to do this video . the 35 minute warm-up is mundane and uninspired . by the time i finish doing the same repetitions on the same leg for 15 minutes i hardly feel like doing the whole process again for the other leg . i also find the way the instructions are given and the background music to be extremely irritating . in order for me to get through the video i have to put on some different music and turn the tv down until i can just barely hear the instructor 's voice to know i 'm keeping up with the video . in my opinion this video is more of a test of patience than a real yoga workout experience .
11381: real: neg ; predicted: pos
one of my guilty pleasures is to review science fiction movies over and over again...maybe i 'm hoping the movie will get better with time . unfortunately " judge dredd " does not ! i 'm a science fiction fan that can be suckered by mediocre cgi , an action hero star , a comic relief , and a beautiful love interest but please do n't mess with the storyline . maybe thiis is the case for " future shock " and too much information was being given out but all in all science fiction deals with the person 's humanity and " dredd " forces it down our throats too fast and too sugary....in fact , i feel two stars is gviing this movie too much !
11384: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this with the notion that i would be receiving what was pictured : the filters that have a built in replacement gauge . oops ! what i ended up with was the cheaper , replace every two month whether they need it or not filters . oh well , whats a little customer service when there 's a buck to be made . not like it 's false advertising to send people a cheaper product then what they thought they were getting
11385: real: neg ; predicted: pos
found the registration number difficult to read . had to have customer service tell me that they run into this all the time ! the i 's look like 1's . tried it again ! i got it to load . my computer slowed down significantly ! certain sites i could not access anymore without re-configuring the software . i have used norton . mcaffee or whatever , and other suite type security software . this one was the worst . i would not recommend it . i got a well deserved refund
11388: real: neg ; predicted: pos
periodically throughout eric clapton 's solo career , his music mellows out to such an extent that it barely resembles rock ' n ' roll . his self-titled debut got his solo career off to an unimpressive start , and his most recent offering , & quot ; reptile , & quot ; makes adult contemporary sound exciting . a similar weak period occurred in the late 1970s through the early 1980s , with & quot ; backless , & quot ; & quot ; another ticket , & quot ; and & quot ; money & amp ; cigarrettes&quot ; all competing for title of clapton 's most forgetable album . the country is mellow , the blues are mellow , and even the rockers are mellow . this is easy listening for classic rock fans
11396: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've used omnipage 12 and 14 and got the latest version to convert an out of print book to a text pdf . nothing really fancy , two column text mostly w pictures and captions plus 3 tables . using this software was a nightmare . the ocr worked better than the previous version but it showed mixed fonts on the page ( two column text w a title about 1 / 3 down and above the text ) . no problem i thought , i 'll just use the wysiwyg ( what you see if what you get ) text editor to fix this..it looks very nice w some good features . well , wysiyg is more like wysiwydon'tget . i 'd fix the fonts , save the file , open it in adobe reader and find that omnipage had made some startling changes in the fonts / size and the titles . i tried for 3 hrs to get a simple table of contents page w just a title and 8 lines ( each w text followed by a page number ) ...no go . plus the wysiwyg editor would sometimes inexplicably throw me into ' replace text ' mode while i was trying to insert text and i could n't get out . in frustration i used a friends machine w abby finereader 7.0 pro...what a welcome change . ocr was at least as fast and accurate and the editor , while not as feature laden as omnipages , actually worked ! i did in 6 hrs what i 'd been trying for well over 12 to do in omnipage..and that was w / o going thru any of the tutorial info..just loaded it and started . i 'm buying abby for my next project , they 've upgraded to 8.0 and i 'll bet it 's editor delivers what omnipage only promises . i would n't recommend omnipage 15 pro to anyone
11406: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have to admit that even though i am a big fan of diesel boy , this cd was very boring . the beats are too similar on every track , and the cd as a whole just has no & quot ; feeling&quot ; to it . if you want to hear him at his best , by 97 octane
11407: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i respect the message of " the unexpected legacy of divorce " but it seems rather odd to call the ramifications of divorce " unexpected . " those of us who have been through the hell of divorce know full well the problems our children face as a result . staying together for the children is one of the most damaging concepts of all times . the author knows this and does present it in a way that eases my frustration a little bit . i know many people who have divorced and not one was due to not being ecstatically happy all the time . they fell apart due to abuse , infidelity , and just plain incompatibility . what i feel matters most for children is for them to feel loved and cared for by their parents . when you have two parents who both love and share in the lives of the kids , most hardly notice whether or not they live in the same house . when you have a parent who refuses to makes the children a priority , who constantly disappoints , hurts , and replaces the kids , there will be damage , no getting away from it . however , is it better for this type of parent to have daily access to the kids , seemingly with the other parent 's approval ? i hardly think so and will challenge anyone who differs in opinion . it is impossible for any of the children of divorce to know if their lives would have been better had their parents stayed married . this is a major flaw in the research . i did n't see any statistics for custody or parental involvement which makes a huge difference . i do n't think divorce is the answer for every marital problem but when it happens , you have a responsibility to make your children a priority and alleviate their fears . when you put your own personal interests ahead of the kid 's , whether it 's divorce or starting a new life afterward , kids will suffer . i do n't like ' studies ' like this , they 're misleading and potentially damaging .
11412: real: neg ; predicted: pos
so this is the winner of plop idol from the u.k then . well they do n't come prettier than this from scotland i guess , that 's for sure . as far as the music is concerned , avoid ! it 's nothing but a calchony of crap . perhaps michelle should stick at something she is good at - eating chips and mars bars
11413: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i so do not understand all the rave reviews on this book . i read it recently for a book club selection , and let me tell you , if i did n't have to read it , i would have put it down after the first twenty pages , and never picked it up again . i found it to be dark , depraved , disgusting , and depressing ! an examination of love in all it forms ? hardly ! these characters were just plain goofy . i finally figured it out towards the end of the book , these characters were so miserable because they were lost spiritually . they were looking to other humans to provide them with true love , and that is just barking up the wrong tree . i am giving it one star only for the rich use of language
11416: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this took and then found that it was just a reprint from several decades ag
11421: real: neg ; predicted: pos
pros : it 's really cheap , and has a lot of features ( set stride length , calories , clock , backlight , protective door ) con : the door is really , incredibly , intolerably hard to open . i was adding a dozen steps to the readout just trying to get the door open . i tried to trim the plastic tab , but i took too much off , now the door flops open . it was useless the way it came from the factory , now i broke it and ca n't use it at all without a rubber band to keep it closed . also , i was never able to get a very accurate step-count . i would count 100 steps and usually get 65-90 steps on the readout , though i 'm not really sure because i had to shake the thing for a minute or two just to get the door open . for the price , i think this would be a great deal for someone with the patience to work with it
11424: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was anxious to use this for my mother as she has a bad back . however , immediately after opening the product , i tried to plug it in , as it does n't work without batteries being fully charged . unfortunately , this massager would plug in but did not start charging , and therefore , it could not be charged . i will be returning this item
11425: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm 9 years old and play this game frequently . i love to play it . it 's not frustrating at all and it 's totally exciting with many adorable animals . i did n't like her wardrobe in the beginning but then i bought a dresser and changed her outfit . the pigs are fun to treat ! ! ! ! ! they 're smart ! ! the rabbits are soft and adorable ; having my favorite animal being rabbits . i play this game for at least a half an hour a day and ca n't wait for the next time playing it ! ! ! ! get this game and try it out ! ! it 's the best !
11427: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i needed a document management system . after looking for software , there only appeared to be paperport . i had read somewhere that the software becomes incredibly slow with a large number of files . i guessed a large number meant 2500+ at least . this concerned me , so i called pre-sales at scansoft , and asked if it was slow with a large number of files . he was not sure ! so he told me to call technical . i called technical , and it his responses were very slow and sounded like he was reading them out to me . i asked if he was reading the scansoft website and he said yes , so i hung up . obviously i read their site for an answer , and did not need to be paying international call charge for someone who seemed less knowledgeable than myself to read it . i got the software . basically all the software consists of is windows explorer and scanning software . it worked well , and i thought ok , expensive for what it is , when windows explorer and scanning software ( usually free ) would nearly do most of it , but then after around 560 pdfs , it started running very slow . i thought it was my machine so installed it and the pdfs on a new vaio 1.7mhz , 1 gig laptop . same problem . if you click to view the pdf then hit the return back , it takes 12 seconds ! so if you view a document , it takes a good few seconds but then when you hit back to the paperport desktop to continue it takes 12 seconds ! ! ! completely unusuable ! if you have less than 500 files , it is maybe expensive software , but for more than 500 do not waste you money . it runs so slow you can not use it . i wonder how scansoft get away with it - surely they should have tested it internally with thousands of files
11429: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i got this curler set , and i completely regret it ! i used it once , and i wont touch it again ! it left my hair frizzy , and there was a bump from where the clamps were . it took me 3x as long to get fix my hair as it did to put it in the curlers and wait for it to cool down . i would n't even give it one star...take my advice - do not buy this !
11430: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've seen and heard sheryl live when she 's not surrounded by rock and roll dinosaurs . she 's great - she 's hip , self-assured and kicks butt ! but here , she tells the audience in " leaving las vegas " : " i 'm playing central park tonight.. . but i have some friends coming up so can you be patient...please ? for lil ' ol ' me ? be very patient... . " almost begging the audience not to walk out while she 's singing solo . it 's almost as if she knows that the audience will have to suffer her solo attempts until the " friends " arrive . the irony is that sheryl solo is the best part of the album . with the others on board , we ca n't see what sheryl can do , and those familiar with her know that sheryl is capable of a lot . she 's overwhelmed by keith richard , stevie nicks , eric clapton , chrissie hynde and by including so many rock gods she herself is diminished in importance and stature . her songs " it do n't hurt " and " there goes the neighborhood " stand out on the album showing that sheryl can rock harder and better than any of her " friends . " too bad she did n't include " am i getting through " - - the part 2 of that was a great rock moment . natalie maines ' grating voice ( like fingernails on a chalkboard ) completely ruin " strong enough . " chrissie sounds like a zombie on " if it makes you happy " , sarah mclaughlin is so hopelessly unhip and white-bread in her lilith-fair mode that she adds nothing to " a difficult kind " ...in fact , by the end of the song sarah seems to disappear from the song as sheryl belts it to the end . that 's sheryl 's song and should remain so , tombstone blues stands out for its guitar work and the best part of " all i wanna do " is the new york audience . happy , white room and gold dust woman are three classic rock standards , so overplayed that anyone who grew up to 70 's fm aor radio has heard them ad nauseaum . problem here is that nothing new is added to them , they sound like karaoke versions . despite sheryl 's plea for patience , i was bored with the old-timers.they did n't bring sheryl 's career forward , only backwards
11432: real: pos ; predicted: neg
version 6 seemed to go off the track by changing many users ' favorite features , like form ordering along with how unattractive bookmarks had become . more than anything , version 7 increases one 's ability to collaborate securely , providing complete control over your document , who can open , print , or even comment on it . but version 7 is more of a fix than a major upgrade , as it cures many of the ills of the previous version . best of all , adobe has kept the price the same . very nice
11433: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've been using this since the first beta release , and it has sped up my productivity at work by miles . the ribbon interface is more upfront with the commands most ofter used , and my old keystroke commands are still there as well . after changing my default save setting to 97-2003 i have run into no compatibility problems . as with most of the bad reviews on ms products , it seems people are quick to rush with a bad review when they are unable to find or do something as quickly as they have in the past . my advice is to spend ten minutes looking through all of the menus.. . they make sense , and once you get used to it , you 'll never want to go back to the old way again . everything is cleaner , smoother , faster , and easier to use than ever before , and i have been using office for longer than i care to admit . let go of the past people ! this is the future of business productivity
11434: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i like this camera . some settings take it beyond the standard point and shoot experience . for a first-timer , it has been great . the camera rates 4 stars . customer service , on the other hand , has been a disaster . an easy share software downloaded update did n't load properly and led me on a trail of three customer service reps over the course of 4 1 / 2 hours with no resolution . after requesting to speak to a customer service manager , i was promised that a $7.95 cd of the software would be sent for free ( though it was clear he was doing me a favor because " these cd 's cost money and do n't grow on trees , " he said . whether or not the cd solves the problem remains to be seen . but customer service is awful . to recap : nice camera , but unless you have endless customer service patience , search out other options
11437: real: pos ; predicted: neg
unbelievably and indubitably a bona fide , and fortified roots reggae album ! if you do n't have firehouse rock in your cd collection and you consider yourself a reggae fan , you may need to re-evaluate what you think you know about jamaican music . the roots radics , especially the rythym section , utilize ( with supreme efficacy , i might add ) and epitomize the manipulation of space and time so often associated with reggae " riddims . " on top of the radics , the wailing souls add ethereal vocals , while staying masterfully conscious . firehouse rock is a beautifully recorded piece of audible jamaican history and an absolute must have
11438: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the bloodshot gang knows how to have a good time ! if you 're into the whole alt.country thing , you know that some of it is very sincere and serious ( ie , uncle tupelo , jayhawks ) . now i love " no depression , " and " blue earth , " but this is an altogether different quadrant of alternative country known as militant honky tonk , or just insurgent country . truth be told , this incredible anniversary compilation does have some poignant , serious numbers ( rico bell 's " money to burn , " the texas rubies ' " blue diamond mine , " mike ireland 's " i 'd like to " ) , but for the most part these maniacs are not taking themselves or the world that seriously . you 've got andre williams and sally timms singing " i 'll stick to you like glue.. . " , in mock romantic seriousness with background singers going " g-l-e-u , glue ! " you 've got a song with a man and a woman serenading each other saying with deep country feeling how much they miss each other 's bodies . you 've got kim docter and moonshine willy belting out " turn the lights down low , " which really ought to be a hit it 's so catchy . and you 've got some great deadpan covers - - the waco brothers do a country rave-up of the who 's baba o'riley , " red star belgrade does it to ac / dc 's " highway to hell , " and best of all , the unholy trio turns public enemy 's " bring the noise " into an understated redneck anthem . i 'm only scratching the surface here , with 40 tracks over 2 discs . this is a great introduction to the rowdier side of that sprawling beast that has not a name that can be agreed on.. . and do n't miss the fantastic earlier bloodshot compilation , hell-bent ( insurgent country , volume ii ) - - see my 9 / 5 / 04 review
11439: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these are just ok , not great . i have 2 pairs of the clic readers and i love them . the sunglasses , however , are not as sturdy , the adjustment feature does not work on my pair and i just cannot endorse them . i am disappointed as i am a huge fan of the clic readers and could not wait for the sunglasses . it 's a shame
11443: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this effort shows it 's age . in addition , there is a uncomfortable tone in the narration that smacks of a reliance on a pseudo-scientific method somewhat reminiscent of mengele . i suppose it 's possible for it to be taken as tongue-in-cheek by those at the post-graduate level of study at the cheech and chong school of anthropology . however , i have to admit i was unable to prevent myself from throwing this one in the trash after one viewing
11447: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i got this for my husband for christmas . i had seen it in magazines but it was expensive for this product , i thought . i was so excited to find it on amazon and he just loves it . he shaves in the shower and the mirror never fogs . it 's a great product
11453: real: pos ; predicted: neg
his playing on this album reminds me of that of bill evans . i am glad to see on reading all the reviews that someone else had that exact thought . comparison to bill evans is the best compliment i know how to give
11454: real: neg ; predicted: pos
sean " puffy " combs , puffy daddy , sean john , p diddy or diddy . when he figures out what he wants to be called is when i figure out if i like him . meanwhile , there still is n't one good dvd set for star wars .
11455: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i own a swiffer wet jet , and i am sorry i wasted my money . i do n't know how effective this is on other surfaces , but i use it for my brazilian chestnut hardwood floors . along with the cleaning solution that swiffer markets for hardwood . i use this product exactly as instructed and my beautiful hardwood floors costing over $40 , 000 come up with smears and smudges like you would n't believe . i realize that this is a cheap quick fix for dirty floors , but when you add in the fact that you contnually have to buy pads and cleaning solutions , it really is n't all that inexpensive the only thing this product has gong for it is it 's convienence , and technically , since i have to go over all of the floors again after using it to get rid of the smears and smudges , it really is n't that convienient either . so really this product is a big dud for hardwood floors at least .
11457: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great pda bible for many reasons , several of which are already mentioned in other reviews . it is easy to use , has most of the niv study bible notes and crossreferences , comes with a multi color highlighter ( great for using different colors for different purposes...red for commands , blue for promises , etc. ) , you can change the font for easier reading , and it has a great search engine in case you want all of the references to , say " peace " that occured in the new testament . the programs that come with it are nice as well , including one that tells you what to read if you want to read the bible in one year , the ot in one year , the nt in one year , and many more options . i was somewhat disappointed by a few features that would have made it a hands-down 5 star program , though . the original niv study bible has elaborate introductions for each book , including author , purpose , structure , and much more . the palm version is lacking all of this , and has no introduction at all . the original also has many cultural information boxes all throughout the bible , like a description of the differences between pharasees and sauducees ; the palm version does not . the cross references are wonderful - click on a small circle after a verse , and all of the cross references pop up . simply click on a cross reference , and the program takes you right there . unfortunately , however , the palm program has no feature like a " back " button that gets you back to the original text . finding your original spot is not difficult - it only takes 5 seconds and a little concentration - but would have been much nicer to go instantly back the same way you can instantly get to a cross refernce by clicking on it . finally , i would be actively marketing this product and the palm platform to all of my friends if it included all of the wonderful maps that the original has - maps of the holyland , jerusalem , the middle east , the temple , and others that are in my paper niv study bible . despite these flaws , however , the program is a joy to use and i highly recommend it to all . i am using a tungsten t3 - the larger screen size make reading easier
11459: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between " the gospel " and " the fighting temptations " . i would not recommend purchasing . you are better off renting
11462: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i really forgot how good some of those first season early episodes were until i bought the season 1 dvd . " skin deep " is probably the most entertaining episode of the series . other standouts are " china doll " and " j " digger " doyle " . what i enjoyed most was the 1982 crossover episode as the featuring gerald mcraney and jamison parker from simon and simon from season 2. also the simon episode " emeralds are a girls best friend " and although not as big a fan of later seasons , the 2 part season 5 opener w / a young unknown sharon stone playing a psycho...big surprise there . i found it neat with the discoesque theme song for the first 10 episodes too . you could see how the 4 main characters found their niche as the season progressed
11463: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the book and accompanying dvd are being used in a class i am taking on photoshop elements 4. both of them make it much easier to understand what 4 is capable of and how to use the program , especially the tools . without instruction , complimented by 1 on 1 , i would not be able to use even a small percentage of the power of 4. 1 on 1 goes step by step in 12 chapters of " how to " fix , enhance , organize , and share photos
11464: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had higher expectations when i purchased this dvd . i was not disappointed technically but i was extremely disappointed with the acting as a whole and with the uneven singing of rachel york . she could n't seem to decide whether she wanted a pop , jazz , or traditional musical theatre sound . her voice was all over the place . furthermore , i found her character very annoying...she was screechy and not at all vunerable . i preferred kathryn grayson 's performance in the movie as she managed to be vunerable , witty , and charming , as well as screechy , demanding , and somewhat tyrannical . truly , i could barely watch this entire video and at the end i could have cared less if fred and lilli got together . i think that was the most powerful statement for me . the production was acted ( or directed ) with a lot of mugging and so much of it was over the top . can today 's directors please leave something for the audience to think about and figure out themselves ? everything need not be a commentary ! i wish i had seen marin mazzie because i heard she was incredible . rent this before buying it or better yet do what i did and buy it used . it hardly cost anything and that is what is it worth
11472: real: pos ; predicted: neg
goo
11473: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had a kodak camera for years that i absolutely loved . we took it ice skating and ended up falling on it . therefore , my family bought me this sony for my b-day and i have to say this is the worst camera i have ever owned . if you have any movement ( such as action shots or small children ) the picture always comes out blurry . what a pain ! also , the picture quality is horrible . i will not purchase a sony again and am going back to a kodak
11474: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i enjoy researching various subjects simply out of intellectual curiosity and find encarta a useful tool . i 'm somewhat overwhelmed by the multimedia offerings but like the chronological updates and appreciate this treatment of current events .
11477: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this item the middle of may . it is now oct. 1st and it wo n't heat up anymore ! product should last longer than 5 months !
11478: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this bar is larger that most nutrition or meal replacement bars - that much is true . what is also true is that is contains more fat . what you will notice with the first bite , is that the bar seems somehow " inflated " . there is an emptiness to consistency of the bar . you are not getting the quality nutrition you would get from a myoplex or apex bar . stick with those brands for pure nutrition and far better taste . these metrx bars leave you feeling as though you 've eaten something that was bad for you - like after you eat a dessert , yet these will not be mistaken for desserts
11479: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when will amazon allow a zero stars rating ? ? ? ?
11482: real: neg ; predicted: pos
very seldom do i give up on a book ; i gave up on this one after several attempts to finish . i have read barbara delinsky in the past and have enjoyed her books . i remember the fascination with the peyton place / grace metalious hoopla in the 50 's and 60 's so i was expecting to enjoy this story . it is dull and tiresome .
11488: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the manchurian candidate is a sluggish remake and updating of the 1962 classic starring frank sinatra . this film is a case study in why some movies should never be redone . this is a film that takes globalized issues and reduces them to personal jealousies . afraid to assert a viewpoint , the script meanders . denzel washington plays the sinatra role of ben markoe . he seems dazed on camera as though he is struggling to remember his lines . washington , normally a gifted actor , plays the part without any conviction whatsoever and uncharacteristically brings zero charisma to the role . markoe discovers that his gulf war comrade-in-arms , raymond shaw , soon to be the next vice-president of the united states , has been the subject of mind control experimentation by manchurian global , a vast multinational conglomerate . raymond 's handler is his senator mother ( meryl streep in the role of an ice queen ) . by diluting the threat from communism to capitalism , the producers lose sight of the most powerful elements of the story . after all , it is no great achievement to convince a major american political candidate to back big business , and so the grotesqueries of shaw 's brainwashing get lost against the backdrop , seeming less heinous than merely greedy , even when shaw becomes a programmed murderer at the hands of his avaricious , amoral , and possibly incestuous mother . why the film created the unlikely manchurian global corporation as the demon of the day and shied away from any real political controversy is indicative of the manchurian global mindset that has gripped hollywood . god forbid we should point a finger at mainland china ( or anyplace else ) ; it might reduce the bottom line . this film says more about its creators than about the threat it attempts to portray . do yourself a huge favor and stick with the original .
11492: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have been waiting to see this film for a while now . and i just finally saw it i 'm very dissapointed . this was nothing but a low budget horror flick with cheap trills . the film sucks ! ! ! the nazi zombies coming back from there watery graves to terrorize modern day tourist that are in a small boat . and get stranded on a deserted isolated island . was a great ! idea except that with this film you 're going to be very bored and dissapointed if you ask me . i was expecting a lot more than this the zombie nazi 's make up looks silly . they 're not even frightning or scary they just made me laugh . the picture quality has aged even if it 's dvd format very grainy poor picture quality . i have seen other movies from the 1970 's on dvd and the picture quality looks excellent almost like new or like it has been digitally remasterd for it 's age . but this was awful . the only good thing it has was decent acting lol . like i said before this is nothing but a ( low budget cheap horror film ) rent it if you like . but dont purchased it it will be a waste of your money and time .
11493: real: neg ; predicted: pos
at least this author mentions the " mockery " strategy martha / mdiddy tried to use to " fog " the public . the " real issue " of whether martha / mdiddy committed the crimes , and lack of an effort to encourage an answer to the question " did martha stewart " lie , demonstrates some complacency . is it this complacency martha / mdiddy and her pr team try to encourage and promote ? is it the " greyness " of white-collar crime that martha / mdiddy was trying to play on ? is society the ultimate judge about a person 's guilt or innocence ? if so , what has martha / mdiddy been judged ? be " thoughtful " ~shaw
11494: real: neg ; predicted: pos
was very disappointed by the performance of this unit . not enough pressure . pretty useless even with new batteries
11495: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this video 's only redeeming quality is its excellent pilates instruction . like all stott videos this one takes extra care to explain proper form and technique . unfortunately , the aerobics portion is extremely boring and simple . you just walk in place the whole time with no interesting variations . if you are looking for a video for a beginner , this one might work for you if you are truly new to exercise and are really out of shape . although i consider myself a beginner when it comes to exercise , this video was too easy for me . i have n't exercised consistently in several years . however , i do have a moderately active lifestyle . i walk and hike on occassion and i play with my kids at the park- -that sort of thing . if you have trouble with everyday activities because you are out of shape , this would be a great place to start . if you are somewhat fit , this video might be too easy for you as well . you might also like this video if you feel like you have no coordination . there are no fancy moves at all . if you can walk , you can do this video . i like simple steps , but this was too simple . in general , though , i think you 'd be better off saving your money and taking a walk . spend your money on one of the other excellent stott videos that focuses exclusively on pilates
11504: real: neg ; predicted: pos
reading through john irving 's " the cider house rules , " i found myself continuing to read mostly out of a desire to have the book over and done with and only partly out of a sense of curiosity . in obtaining a bachelor 's degree in english , i had to read a lot of books . among them were many books that i did not like , but never before had i read a book that was so completely devoid of subtlety . every single scene in the book feels as though it was specifically designed and manufactured by the author to move the plot along . people become pregnant , have abortions , and die with such terrible regularity that you can foresee it dozens of pages before it happens . this goes way beyond mere foreshadowing . the book does n't flow naturally , you can virtually see the author hiding in the shadows , playing the puppet master . there are just so many coincidences , so many old friends just happening to run into eachother , so many people becoming pregnant just at the exact time to make the story progress perfectly , all of the characters vaguely , distantly connected to eachother . i do n't want to spoil the plot , but suffice it to say that the plotline involving the eames ( rhymes with screams ) family is just too much coincidence to bear . it 's as though the author is god , and the characters completely lack free will . and then there 's the " protagonist , " homer wells . i put protagonist in quotations because despite being the center of the story , homer wells barely does anything in the story . he barely even speaks during the story . he is virtually a non-character , devoid of personality or will , around whom the other characters and events of the book revolve . the scenes that do not involve homer wells at all , and they make up the majority of the book , are without fail the most interesting scenes . i think that the real protagonist of the book is dr. larch , but even melony seems more real than homer does . the story is very long and rambling . subplots are begun and then abandoned and only mentioned in passing much later on . minor characters keep popping into the story , then disappearing , only to pop back into the story exactly when they 're needed . conflicts are either quickly and conveniently resolved or simply ignored and forgotten ( like the situation with debra pettigrew ) . after such a rambling , at times rather boring plot , the ending feels rather rushed . it is as though the author realized that he suddenly had to resolve everything , tie up every loose end , in the last 25 pages ( and tying up loose ends , in this case , means a lot of people conveniently dying ) . to spoil the plot just a little , homer wells , who has throughout the book been opposed to abortion because he feels that a fetus has a soul , suddenly and inexplicably and completely reverses on this opinion . i personally am pro-choice as well , but i found that homer 's sudden reversal was completely contrary to his character and caused the ending of the book to collapse into a bunch of nonsensical happily-ever-afters
11505: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there is no way to keep this product in place in the mouth other than by keeping pressure on it with your teeth . this defeats the purpose of a product that is supposed to help reduce the grinding and clenching of teeth . very disappointing .
11512: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have worked out to denise austin for several years because i think she gives a good workout but i cannot stand her way-too-perky personality . i was very disappointed in this dance workout . the setting is fun and colorful and the music is great , but as far as a workout...this dvd really stinks . i found some of the steps somewhat confusing ( but i am not very coordinated ) . this workout was more of an " indoor walk " style workout ( like walk away the pounds w / leslie sansone , etc. ) . if you are looking for a fun way to get up and move , this may be for you . but , this is not for anyone looking for a cardio intense workout
11515: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this lifts your heart to god as you listen . beautifully done
11521: real: neg ; predicted: pos
good book on deal structure , but if you want a valuation number , check out & quot ; unlocking the value of your business&quot ;
11522: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do you love " on eagles wings " ? if the answer is yes , then do you know the words to panis angelicus ? the answer is probably " no . " i do n't blame you for liking this cd . the problem is that it is n't catholic and it is n't classic . you should ask yourself if you are willing to entertain the songs that catholics have enjoyed for thousands of years . if you are willing to look beyond the guitars at your local mass , start with sacred songs by bocelli , or simply baroque by yo yo ma
11524: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great movie - there is n't anything i can say that has n't been said 100 times .
11525: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i watched the first half hour of this and could n't get through it . i dislike michael moore as much as anybody , but the fellow that put this piece together needs to go back to film school . it 's an amateurish , whining documentary made more for spite ( and those 15 minutes we all want ) than anything else . getting called down by michael moore at a public event and then talking to some sympathetic people outside ( people who probably just had nothing better to do on campus that night ) does n't prove that michael moore followers are all waffling malcontents , dude . overall , i rate this film fail
11527: real: pos ; predicted: neg
( responding to joel g 's review below ) it 's unfortunate that your child was unable to enjoy didi & ditto because of a technical problem you had with your computer . the majority of didi & ditto players are running microsoft windows and enjoying this great educational software . if you send us an e-mail message at service@kutoka.com , i am sure that someone from our technical support team will be able to help you resolve the issue you seem to have experienced with your computer display . also note that all activites can be unlocked in the activities menu by pressing the f6 key on your keyboard . a full list of the game 's keyboard shortcuts can be found in the user 's guide which is accessible from the start menu . hope this helps
11528: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i went into this a pretty big golden smog fan eager for a new effort from the guys . with tweedy 's songwriting having taken a great upward swing in recent years and with louris ' departure from the jayhawks , i was hoping we 'd see a few more tweedy gems and some great tunes from the past few years since louris ' " rainy day music " was released . now , while there are some really good songs here , nothing really comes close to the " red-headed stepchilds , " " radio kings , " or " jennifer save mes . " the album lacks something but i ca n't put my finger on it . it almost sounds like a band that has too much focus . considering golden smog started as a buncha musician friends sitting around , drinking beer , and goofing off , this album feels wrong . it does n't have that sing-along feel ( with the exception of possibly one or two songs ) that the first couple albums ( and even ep ) had . just a little lackluster and , considering the amount of louris has his hand in on this one , almost comes off as an album of jayhawks throw-aways
11529: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there 's a reason oar flopped when it was released back in 1969 : it sucks . thirty eight years later , with skip spence safely in his grave , some now give this pitiful mess *five* stars . since you ca n't give more than five stars here , they 're saying oar is on a level with masterpieces like sergeant pepper.. . dark side of the moon.. . led zeppelin 4.... ! just between you and me , i think the government is still secretly drugging people . with all due respect to skip 's venerable memory , oar is a painful aural experience . the first two tracks , little hands and cripple creek , are halfway good , and show some production values ; but things quickly deteriorate from there . one gets the impression the rest of oar was cobbled together in the recording studio just prior to taping - then put in the can after only one or two takes . lastly , the bass playing and drumming are just awful . yes , it 's too bad that things ended up like they did for skip . and it 's hard not to sympathize with him - he flew high only to crash hard . but let 's keep a sense of perspective : his tragedy did not translate into good music . one extra star in his memory .
11532: real: pos ; predicted: neg
really worth seeing to learn about the life and talent of budd boetticher . the collectors edition allows you to watch for the elements of the film that make it special
11536: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i did a lot of research before buying this camera . we could have bought a higher quality digital camcorder for less or higher quality minidv camcorder for the same price . what led to our final decision to purchase this camcorder was the fact we could record straight to a 8cm dvd-r , finalize the disc on the camcorder , and play it directly on our dvd player or dvd-rom player on our computer . we did n't want to deal with sticking cables and wires into the tv , electrical outlet , and camera to playback footage . and we also did n't want to deal with the cost and trouble of transferring footage onto dvds to keep in our video library for the future . for those of you who like to edit , re-record , create effects , etc. , you need to purchase special software separately , but with a dvd-ram disc , you have the ease and convenience of doing it all from your dvd-rom on your computer . you can also download it with the usb cable , but it is nice to be able to just pop it in the dvd drive and get started . if you are only interested in playback , dvd-r discs are sufficient ; however , you ca n't erase or record over footage on dvd-rs , only dvd-rw and dvd-ram discs . the picture quality of the camera is adequate . it is n't grainy , but smooth and actually very nice in the right lighting , especially outside on a sunny day . it does n't have a built-in light , so you have to be aware of the right surroundings and environment for recording . i would give the picture quality a 3.75 out of 5. if you want better quality , you will need to buy a more expensive dvd camcorder . considering how far we have come over the years with home video technology , it definitely beats those days images were out of focus and grainy . you ca n't compare it to tv and movie camera quality , but i think it is pretty darn good for home videos . the zoom is good , but of course it takes some time to focus if you zoom in or out too quickly . the stabilizer is pretty good , but i keep it off for the most part to get better picture quality . if you plan to move around a lot , use the function , but expect to lose a little quality in the process . what basically happens when using the stabilizer ( with most cameras , i believe ) is that the image movements are slightly delayed . the sound quality is adequate , but if you are recording when it is windy , you will pick up a lot of the wind sounds unless you block the microphone with your hand . the only problem i have had so far is with the discs . we bought panasonic dvd-rw discs and ca n't get them to play on our computer or in our dvd player . we ended up purchasing sony dvd-r discs and they play with no problem . when i called panasonic about their dvd-rw discs , they did n't have a good answer . the representative told me to make sure the dvd-rw discs are compatible with my players . i told her they may not be compatible with my dvd player , but it should be with my new computer software . the representative just repeated herself and eventually said there is n't any difference between sony and panasonic discs ( interesting ) . they make the claim that panasonic discs work the best in the manual , but now i know better . overall , this camcorder is a great value ( you ca n't beat the price for this dvd technology ) , average to good quality picture and functions , is excellent for the ease and convenience of dvd playback and storage , and is really easy to use .
11537: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book was recommended to me by several people as i interviewed hiring managers , hr personnel , senior-level employees , and others for my own book on the job market . by all accounts , my own included , 201 best questions is comprehensive , helpful , and tactical , an important read when one is preparing for an interview . it is not an all-inclusive resource , only interview-targeted , but for what it is , the book is top-notch
11538: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was so excited when this dvd came out hoping to get the four pittsburgh steelers highlight films from the ' 70s . 98% of all this material is already included in the super bowl collection sets put out last year on dvd . why wo n't nfl films step up and give us more ? ? ? this should be a steeler-specific box set , not some rehash of the entire season for all teams.. . come on steve sabol ; give us what we want ! !
11542: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the worst novel that i have ever read by a major author . i have read a couple other alex cross novels and i did not find them to be awful at all . they were n't very good but they kept me turning the page . while i was reading this dreck i began to get a sense of patterson 's work ethic . he sets a goal for himself and does not stray from it . one maybe two chapters per day i suppose , and when his muse is on vacation for a couple of months this is the result . not a snowball 's chance in hell that this would have been published if it were n't written by patterson . i 'm done . do n't waste your time . really
11543: real: neg ; predicted: pos
very limited photo touch up . when it comes time to burn you might as well have customer service on the phone . pretty much a total piece of crap ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
11545: real: neg ; predicted: pos
black hawk down has n't got an interesting story on offer . when a bunch of marines is stranded in mogadishu , somalia all hell breaks loose as militants start attacking them . from there it is just angry men running and shooting . although this is what you would expect from a war movie , black hawk down remains way below average . i think this movie could have done better with some obvious main characters . now you barely get a chance to start caring about what happens to the soldiers . now you have so many qualified actors doing nothing but firing guns . as this movie was based on events that truly took place , probably americans will appreciate black hawk down a little more . ( sarr )
11546: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the leather case has a magnetc latch , the magnetic force is strong enough for an sd card to stick onto it . i have not lost any images yet and the camera has not gone haywire , but i decided not to chance it . i am surprised that canon cautions against placing the camera in strong magnetic fields in their user guide yet produce an accesory with this feature ! although constructed of fine leather , the case is also very bulky , making the tiny slim elph twice as thick and too big to fit into a pocket or purse . the neck strap is ok , it looks metallic but is wrapped inside a clear plastic tubing , making it look quite cheap and stiff , again increasing the bulk of the camera . the battery works fine , but the two other accessories are not worth the extra money
11550: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have been using kiss my face olive oil soap for years , and i wo n't let any other soap touch my face ! i found it when i was searching for a soap that would n't make my skin itch all over after a shower . i can tell you that after years and years , my sensitive skin has never once itched after i used kmf ! the soap is mild , with a neutral scent , which is a big plus . it cleans great , but does n't leave my skin dried out . the 8 ounce bars are a bit large , but worth the wait until they shrink down to a size that 's easier for us smaller-hands people
11551: real: pos ; predicted: neg
simbin makes an excellent simulator . this game has brought me back to days days of yesteryear in great delight . the physics , sounds , and graphics are top notch . the game is fun and the ranks seriously tough . online capabilities are fine except you have to unlock cars and tracks through the game , which could take weeks
11554: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is what i grew up with on the radio , and listened to at the dance halls . this is not some sissy nashville sound .
11557: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i like meav 's voice , and this cd is ok , if you like this kind of stuff . think slow and somewhat depressing . i think irish music has moved on so much since bill whehlan of riverdance brought it into the modern times , and came up with this vocal sound , i guess to hark back to earlier times , which worked well because riverdance has so much contrast in it and the choir songs only appear as relief to the other music . this is all a bit samey and dull . i would say saved by this lady 's fine voice though
11561: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've had my d70s for about a year now , have n't regretted it for a second . the controls are laid out logically , with everything to hand . the dual control wheels make adjustments fast and accurate . i personally love the optional grid overlay , i have no excuses for horizons that are n't horizontal . the wireless flash system is great , though you have to buy an sb-600 or sb-800 to get the full benefit . this camera is bigger and heavier than the d50 and d80 , which in my opinion is a positive thing .
11562: real: pos ; predicted: neg
camera arrived earlier than i expected , and was just what i wanted . very small , but versitle . large screen . very satified with my purchase
11570: real: neg ; predicted: pos
first of all , microsoft needs to come down on their prices ( not that this will ever happen ) . i build computers for a living , and i 'd say that 9 times out of 10 windows is the single most expensive piece of any pc i build . that being said , xp has come a long way . service pack 2 has done wonders for security . i also found it is the most stable version of windows i 've used to date . that 's not to say it does n't have it 's flaws . it still lets in it 's share of " germs " , stops responding from time to time ( hangs ) , and it 's very slow to shut down . the built-in cd writing software is terrible and remote desktop is not always a pleasure to use either . however , the biggest problem i 've had so far is with product activation . as a pc technician , i 'm always testing new parts . the most annoying problem i 've had is that after you make a certain number of hardware changes ( let 's say you replace a video card , a hard drive and add some memory ) all within a certain period of time ( 180 days maybe ? ) windows makes you reactivate . this becomes a problem when you have to reactivate twice within this period of time . it makes you call microsoft , where you have to convince the representitive that you 're not trying to steal from them . then you have to read them a long number ( i think 41 digits ) and then they 'll read another long number back to you that you need to type in . it 's driven me to the point of using windows 2000 again to test my parts , even though this is n't always practical for testing xp compatibility . overall , i feel that i paid too much for this operating system .
11572: real: pos ; predicted: neg
have been using acrobat since v3 , v4 , v6. v8 is in line . seems a bit faster , smoother etc. have tried imitations on other machines . from a purely subjective view , acrobat is best . a bit pricey , but the best . with the usual caveats , can be installed on a desktop and a notebook , but requires a call to tech support which was quick and smooth
11575: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great product . i use it on my eyeglasses as well as my computer screen , tv screen . recommend it to al
11576: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this product in hopes of a wonderful nights sleep . well folks this is not what happened at all . i turned on my conair su1w and snuggled under the covers after a very stressful day . about 5 minutes into my relaxation i almost received heart failure due its soothing sounds of a train wreck . the volume which seemed to have been controlled by satan reached top volume , although i never had touched it myself . i tried to turn it down and the volume still was blaring . i unplugged and plugged it back in numerous times , and still it would not work
11579: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was very happy with my purchase . the company chose to mail it to me via priority mail in order for it to arrive before christmas . i was very pleased ! ! ! !
11586: real: neg ; predicted: pos
" the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read- -and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete- -true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly- -that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope
11590: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i installed it on three of my computers with no problem i have used wordperfect before and it 's vey user friendly . i 'm not a power user but the basic things seen be easier to do . i recomended . the software came with and intructional dvd no how to used un like the microsoft counter part . this software is more then what is needed for the average person . it also comes with some free download for installing the software in your computer which you can install on all three computers . it come with lots of template that you can used . buy , buy , buy i say . lol is worth it
11592: real: neg ; predicted: pos
jeff buckley sounds like what marc bolan would have sounded like if bolan had taken perry como as his musical muse . seriously , think about marc bolan trying to sound like a ' 50 's crooner and you 'll know what jeff buckley sounds like
11593: real: pos ; predicted: neg
funny thing to mention here is that the stated region block ( region 1 ) is n't really present . i took the shot to order this and unlock my dvd player if i had to ( i live in amsterdam , region 2 ) but i did n't have to ! ! this dvd is region free ! thanks amazon , but in future it would be nice to provide correct region-information . i bet that a lot european ( and perhaps australian , russian and so on ) customers cancel their order because of the region code not corresponding with their country region . regard
11595: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i worked hard on a vcd project for work using photo explosion . i did n't think it was that easy to use , but it was okay until i got ready to burn . got a little error message that said something along the lines of " you do n't have nero burners ! " no kidding , but there are four other burn programs on my computer . nothing but nero would do . nowhere on the box are you informed of this . it says , and i quote , " burn cd slideshows you can watch on tv ! " needing more software is never mentioned . as far as i 'm concerned , this product makes fraudulent claims . i will never buy another one of their products
11598: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i picked this book up at my public library because i had put it on my reading list a while back when i saw that the president ( ! ) of the united states george bush read it while he was on vacation too . i went to my local cofee place and got a medium regular cofee flavored cofee but in a large cup ( so theres room for plenty of milk which i like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large ) . anyway i am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where i have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there . so then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning . and he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing . anyway then he leaves and i notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as i thought previously . so i 'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so i take it back to the library . now here i have to point out that i had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that i returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight . well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever i go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when i turn the book in . i explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me . but you can guess how this ended up . i am down another $8 dollars and change ( i paid the .50 cents in pennies i got from the place i keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since i counted them out one by one but it was worth it ) . and i never finished the book since it was ruined . but ! i liked the parts i read " okay " and if the president likes it i guess it gets four stars only i made it two stars because i only read half . maybe i will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then i will come back and give this book it 's missing two stars if it ends well . lesson learned is life is not always fair but you " keep on keepin on " like they say
11604: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i did n't think i would like the fragrance , but it 's absolutely wonderful . it 's not too sweet or strong . it smells good on my daughters and me . give it a try . you wo n't be disappointed
11606: real: pos ; predicted: neg
in march 2006 , there are only three or four books that boast haskell in their titles . they are all excellent books . but the world can benefit from more haskell books . in fact , we are in need of such books , especially cs1 texts . this book is a pleasure to read . i suspect that even math haters will not find it hostile . anyone learning haskell will find the book and its companion web site a valuable resouce . on the web site , you will find the source code from the book , such as powerseries.hs . you can quickly play and experiment with it ; read and learn from it . i wish more books are as pleasant and affordable ( $25 )
11607: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i liked this book for its analysis of political phenomena . however , i found it weak on issues facing companies today in china or that the new business economy has created : there was little or no discussion of the institutional problems facing china in its transition . the journalistic background of the author also peeked through and some sections were too breathless for me . i disagree with the simplistic conclusion ( among others ) that water and pollution are the two major problems facing companies operating in china
11608: real: pos ; predicted: neg
generations of hate come together in this book . pete braga killed franklin mcmichael dead in a claim of self-defense in the summer of 1952. the next generation carried on the tradition when gabriel mcmichael supposedly beat pete 's son , victor , so severely that he suffered permanent brain damage , rendering him with the iq of a ten-year old . the third generation was nave to all this hatred when thomas mcmichael fell in love with pete 's granddaughter patricia . the love of his life was driven away at a young age when grandfather pete refused to permit their love to blossom . while the mcmichael family existed in near poverety , the braga family thrived in power and money . so now thomas has a problem . the root of all his family 's hatred , pete braga , has been found dead . he was murdered by someone at his home . thomas has been assigned the case to find out who wanted the old man dead . given his many enemies , the list of suspects is long . it does n't help that the first suspect , sally rainwater...pete 's personal nurse , becomes the object of thomas ' heart as the investigation unravels . the story twists and turns through many leads and many unexpected plot points as thomas mcmichael is determined , despite his family 's hatred of pete , to find out who is behind the killing and why . author t . jefferson parker does an excellent job in keeping the reader involved and interested in the story with his enthralling style . frederick a . babb
11609: real: neg ; predicted: pos
we had this camera for about a year until on thanksgiving day while out of town it broke . the lense just froze while in the middle of taking a picture and wouldnt ever go back into the camera . we ran out to best buy and purchased it again because it was just a simple to use basic camera for me and my dad . ( 2 years later the old cameras lense still wont go back into the camera yet the camera still will turn on..weird . ) at first we liked the camera and it took good pictures . they look great when we got them developed ( costco.com is the best place to upload them and 1 hour later you pick them up , super cheap too ) and the quality was good . within the last year the camera has turned into a piece of crap . evvvvvery picture comes out blurry it seems . inside or outside . i am constantly telling people who take pics for me to take 2 or 3 pictures because i know one or two will be blurry and that is a great shot i will miss because of it . also the flash quality is horrible . it takes okay pictures of people in the dark but if it 's of an object ( anything really , just not a person ) it comes out pitch black . inside the lighting is bad too . the camera can never focus and it 's just annoying . i also went through 2 or 3 memory sticks made by sony that for no reason just broke . one of them broke while in a store getting them developed ( in the little machine ) and erased all of my pictures which was very dissapointing . the people said there was no way it was their machine , that it had to be a default in the memory stick . also the camera is pretty big and clunky . at the time it was actually a smaller camera on the market , now it is huge ! i am looking into now buying the canon powershot 6.
11610: real: pos ; predicted: neg
unfortunately , millions of americans currently suffer from the debilitating effects of stress , anxiety , and depression . in the pharmaceutical industry , anti-anxiety medications and antidepressants are among the best-selling medications on the market . the everyday stressors faced by americans have simply become too much for many to bear , and reasonably so . in recent years , taking an anti-anxiety medication or antidepressant has become as common as taking a multivitamin . however , the side effects and long-term effects of such medications were for the most part unknown until recently . in the past year , some of the drastic negative effects of such medications have come to light , much to the horror of patients and physicians alike . anti-anxiety medications and antidepressants have been linked to addiction , severe withdrawal , weight gain , vertigo , and even suicide and death . to treat the symptoms of stress , anxiety , and depression , without negative health implications , many are now turning to natural supplements - - safely and with much success . most consumers are confused about which natural stress , anxiety , and depression supplements to take . fortunately , there are now a few promising natural supplements on the market which offer truly effective results , safely . the challenge lies in distinguishing the effective products from the one 's that are based more on marketing hype . it is critical that the product you choose contains those ingredients proven effective for treatment through clinical study , and that those ingredients are of the highest grade and included in the proper dosage in the product . this is the key to getting the results you desire - freedom from stress , anxiety , and depression . after researching nearly every available natural anxiety product on the market today i can tell you that many products contain low-grade ingredients in amounts far too small to be truly effective . there are a few , however , with clinical research behind them that also contain quality ingredients in efficacious doses . these products offer the definite potential to counter your emotional and physical responses to stress , anxiety , and depression . after review of the products and the available scientific literature only those products that met the criteria were recommended , here is a list of the top the top 10 stress , anxiety and depression supplements on the market today : 1 ) anxietol 7 ( tm ) 2 ) welatonin ( tm ) 3 ) pinadol ( tm ) 4 ) seredyn ( tm ) 5 ) prosera ( tm ) 6 ) amoryn ( tm ) 7 ) euphorx ( tm ) 8 ) herbval supra ( tm ) 9 ) clarocet-nri ( tm ) 10 ) relora ( tm )
11611: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really really really really like allison moorer . have been a fan since her first record , have road-tripped to see her numerous times , and love her songwriting and singing . that said - - " getting somewhere " is by far the least satisfying of her records . no memorable songs . over-produced . no " guts " , as another reviewer said . when the allison moorer / doyle " butch " primm songwriting team called it quits ( in more ways than one ) , their lennon / mccartney-caliber teamwork was lost . not that moorer sounds like the beatles , but allison and butch complemented each other well when composing music . this cd is not only unmemorable but i doubt i would care to ever listen to it again . such a shame . i 've never had anything negative to say about allison in the 8 years i 've been a fan . but this cd left me cold . it hurts a bit to say this , but i cannot recommend this cd . the closest analogy i can think of that relates to how different this cd is from her earlier work is the b-story line from an episode of " the larry sanders show " . in that episode , sanders ' head writer phil ( played by wallace langham ) finally got himself a girlfriend and was happy . as a result he lost his edge . when he was a miserable person he was an edgy , cynical , funny jokewriter . when he was a happy person he stopped being the kind of funny that he needed to be to do his job . same with moorer . since her recent changes in her social life she has started " singing a sweeter tune " in her life , but it came with a cost . she does n't seem to be the same songwriter anymore and it was that " other " songwriter who was so good - - a little edgy , sad , sometimes bitter , or at least that 's how i interpreted it . granted , that was n't her entire oeuvre , but it is what made her songs special for me . now she 's happy and she might as well be writing songs for barney the dinosaur
11614: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i got this cd after seeing what i remembered as a decent video on fuse tv . maybe i was half-asleep , because after listening to this ho-hum entry into the world of emo copycats , i ca n't even remember or recognize which song it was . this album is ultimately forgettable- - better off listening to any jimmy eat world cd again and again , which is actually an enjoyable experience
11615: real: neg ; predicted: pos
in his recently published history , the whiskey rebellion , william hogeland attempts create a revisionist history of the late eighteenth century whiskey rebellion in western pennsylvania . what hogeland accomplishes is less history and more diatribe in the vein of howard zinn . he has an axe to grind , and by the end alexander hamilton is the devil incarnate , and those who openly contemplated secession and committed acts of violence against property and people were just trying to bring the american revolution to its necessary conclusion . the accusation that hogeland comes back to again and again is that hamilton incited the rebellion . the argument is that because hamilton 's patently unfair whiskey tax was the impetus behind the frontiersmen 's resistance , and his unreasonableness in enforcing the tax and issuing writs for the arrest of those who refused to pay the tax caused the rebellion . the problem with hogeland 's argument is his scholarship , or lack there of . he almost never offers a direct quote , especially when accusing hamilton of malfeasance . instead , hogeland offers his summary of primary documents with nary a footnote . the reader is expected to accept on faith the author 's interpretation at face value with no way to check the facts except a ridiculously useless bibliographic essay at the end . not all of this is hogeland 's fault . the new trend in historical works intended for the popular market eschews scholarly footnoting , opting instead for endnotes that provide little more than an opportunity to name drop . even doris kearns goodwin , a legitimate scholar , is guilty of the succumbing to this new endnote craze . ultimately , this is the main problem with william hogeland : he is not a scholar . he is a magazine writer with an agenda , and no scholarly background to legitimize his preposterous conclusions . to read some radical agenda into the actions of the pennsylvania farmers is the very worst revisionist history , because there is no basis in reality .
11620: real: neg ; predicted: pos
appleseed suffers from the problem most big budget , cgi enhanced anime theatrical releases have : gorgeous visuals , but a incomprehensible story filled with dull cliche dialog . trust me , i was sucked in by the amazing trailer like most of you . i wanted this to be a great movie ( as i am a fan of the oav animated series ) . appleseed is worth seeing for the visuals alone.. . but that is about all
11621: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great book . i could n't wait to see what was going to happen next and how all the mixups would be straightened out ! it is a very funny and delightful book , i hope there will be a sequel , we need to know what happens to these people , i feel like i know them
11629: real: neg ; predicted: pos
with the $70-million that was spent on the 2005 video-game-inspired film " doom " , you 'd think that director andrzej bartkowiak would have used better lighting so that the audience could actually see what was going on more clearly . on second thought , given that this predictable film was little more than 100 minutes of " shoot the mutants " , it 's pretty clear that mr. bartkowiak may have kept the lights dim in a dismal attempt to avoid personal embarrassment . as to the film 's plot , it can be summarized in a single sentence : a group of ber-soldiers lead by their " sarge " ( played by the rock ) travel to mars to stop a bunch of scientists that have inadvertently transformed themselves into flesh-eating mutants after injecting a criminal with dna recovered from ancient humanoid fossils found in a martian archaeological dig . so , there 's tons of shooting , a lot of screams , gallons of fake blood & guts being tossed about , a martian sewer and a teleportation device that looks like a small-scale version of " the sphere " . others who starred in this forgettable rubbish include karl urban ( ber-soldier john grimm ) and rosamund pike ( as john grimm 's sister named sam ) . why these two actors would stoop so low as to participate in " doom " defies logic . to anyone who actually paid good money to watch this 1-star film in a theater , you have my deepest sympathy . to anyone thinking of purchasing a copy of " doom " on dvd , please notice that there are a ton of used copies available for very a cheap price . that alone should tell you how " good " this film is
11630: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have tried the gerber nursing pads , and one other brand . these nursing pads are the best . i have a large supply of milk but i have not leaked through these pads , they are also very soft and they are not visible through your clothing
11632: real: pos ; predicted: neg
rites of spring is an unparalleled work of cultural and historical synthesis , and easily the most interesting cultural history of 20th century europe available .
11633: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was hoping that " socermania " would be on the " extreme sports fun " dvd but no ! instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the " disney treasures " this also goes for the other two dvd 's extreme music and adventure fun , allthough ' pluto 's blue note ' , ' donald 's dilemma ' ' no sail ' ' old sequoia ' and ' trailer horn ' are on dvd for the first time but with the new disney treasures " disney rarities " and " the chronological donald volume 2 " ( which might i add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration ) who needs these dvds , so i suggest not to buy these cheap dvd 's and buy the treasures in spite of the bad restoration
11641: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i watched 7 out of 8 episodes in two days . it may be educational for people who did n't know much about it , but if you are somewhat familiar with the topics , this documentary film did n't offer much more
11649: real: neg ; predicted: pos
half of my pictures are out of focus making it useless . should have sent it back
11650: real: pos ; predicted: neg
ace rolls out its second volume of early girl and girl-led group sounds . this time , there are six tunes that did not make it into the top 100 and that may seem to be a bit of a letdown in content but when looking at the overall repertoire , this series still beats just about anything else of the genre out there . with enough ( ten ) top-10 songs to keep the music familiar , there are lots of seldom-found sides making the listening much more interesting and not sounding like every other oldies comp . between such monster hits as lesley gore 's pre-womens ' rights anthem & quot ; you do n't own me&quot ; , the exciters go-and-get-him & quot ; tell him&quot ; and kathy young 's barely pubescent & quot ; a thousand stars&quot ; are cradled such rarities as the secrets ' & quot ; the boy next door&quot ; ( a madara-white , of & quot ; you do n't own me&quot ; and other gore tunes fame , composition ) , april stevens ' & quot ; teach me tiger&quot ; ( later with brother nino tempo striking it big with & quot ; deep purple&quot ; ) and timi yuro 's ( of & quot ; hurt&quot ; fame ) & quot ; what 's a matter baby&quot ; . in this volume three of the tracks are acknowledged as having been lifted from disc but only track 10 is of substandard sound quality even so . many of the tracks ( 2 , 3 , 6 , 8 , 12-15 , 17 , 23 , 25 , 28 ) appear in stereo , the remainder in mono . the 16-page booklet accompaning the disc provides pages of fascinating backround to the artists represented . ace again hits the mark with this new compilation
11651: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this movie is great . i just bought it the other day and rushed home to watch it . i throughly enjoyed it entirely , i believe it kind of relates to fatal attraction
11652: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when i was 21 and in my first year of graduate school , paul fussell 's & quot ; poetic meter and poetic form&quot ; was one of the first text books assigned to me . when i bought the book and saw how slim it was , i snickered , & quot ; grad school 's gonna be a walk in the park ! & quot ; yeah , right ! this densely packed tome is not for the uninitiated and definitely not absorbed in just one reading . on and off , over the last 20 years , i have come back to this book to refresh my memory and , usually , to astonish myself . the book 's real strength , besides professor fussell 's obvious command of his subject , and his ability to convey that command , is in the sprinkling of dozens of anecdotes by and about poets about other poets and poetry . even at this late date in my life , i ca n't pretend to understand the entire book but what i do understand i admire and respect . & quot ; poetic meter and poetic form&quot ; is not recommended to anyone studying poetry ; it is urgently required
11656: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there 's nothing in this i 'd say even remotely resembles jazz . it 's repetitive , has a rock beat , and consists mostly of licks taken from other players . if you 're looking for backrgound music to play in a waiting room , this might be a good choice
11659: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is one of the best camcorders in the market today and i would definitely recommend it to anyone planning to buy a mini-dv camcorder positive factors : - very small and easy to hold with one hand . can be easily attached even to a mini-tripod with ease . - excellent widescreen video and hi-fi audio . your videos finally get that " hollywood " feel when you shoot movies in 16:9 ratio ( widescreen format ) . even if you do n't have a widescreen tv currently , you will very soon have one as more and more people are buying them . so its better to buy this camcorder and shoot in 16:9 format to enjoy your movies later in widescreen format . - includes widescreen rotatable lcd so what you see is what you get when you shoot in 16:9 ratio ( widescreen format ) - good battery life . one extra battery is enough . you can easily manage a day 's worth of shooting with two batteries before recharging them again - includes docking station making it easier to connect to computer or tv . if you have a good computer with a firewire port , please buy a firewire cable to connect the camcorder to your computer . you can download your movie in excellent clarity in .avi format and edit it as required - make sure to change the audio setting to 16 bit ( instead of the default 12 bit ) for very good hi-fi audio - touchscreen menu system is great . you do n't have to search for any buttons as they are all available in the touchscreen menu itself . - 10x optical zoom is more than sufficient for ordinary home videos . anything more produces more " shaking " and would necessiate the use of a tripod . when you shoot without a tripod , 10x is the best zoom you can achieve without worrying about shaky videos - widescreen still photo . the photo clarity is ok not too good . so please do n't expect great shots . since the photo is in 16:9 format , you can take panoramic photos and cover more people in group shots - nightshot : cool feature that records using infrared light . useful for shooting at night as you can record a video even in 100% darkness - color widescreen viewfinder - very useful when you are running down on batteries and need to use the viewfinder . the color widescreen viewfinder gives an excellent picture and is as good as the lcd in clarity negative factors : - outdoor videos especially in bright sunlight are overexposed . so please adjust the white balance when shooting outdoors . add the white-balance menu to your shortcuts so that you can easily access it and return to default once you start shooting indoors - sensitive microphone may pick up button clicks ( best to turn off the button click " beep " sound ) . notes : - use a fresh cassette after recording 2 or 3 times on the same cassette . the head tends to get dirty if you re-record on the same cassette more than 3 times - you can edit movies in windowx xp using windows movie maker , but beware it does not support 16:9 ratio video . hence your videos look ugly as you shot them in 16:9 but movie maker converted it to 4:3. invest in pinnacle software version 9 or 10 for better movie editing capabilities . pinnacle is the only software , i am aware of , that preserves teh 16:9 ratio . even roxio could not allow 16:9 format . - you can also invest in wide-angle lens as it gives excellent coverage
11660: real: pos ; predicted: neg
sure , the pacing is slow compared to today 's hyper / cyber entertainments , but antonioni 's visuals are still incomparable . scene after scene resembles nothing so much as a matisse canvas , and the final shot is a stunner . lovely , achingly felt picture
11663: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it is good for old eric gale fans to be able to purchase this cd . it will bring back many memories . it will also remind you of how great a guitar player he was . i am grateful that i 've had a chance to own many recordings that he has played on . pay close attention to she is my lady and morning glory . this is a must have cd . jaye price beltsville , md .
11664: real: pos ; predicted: neg
we love this camcorder ! we bought it because our other bulky , digital video that uses tapes , which we would have to copy onto vhs / dvd , stopped working . we did n't want to spend a lot of money . we loved the idea that it was easier to carry in my purse and you could download it straight to the computer or burn it ( which is very simple to do , and you do not have to download any software . ) i have to admit i was a little reluctant that the quality of the picture would be less than great , and only 60 minutes concerned me , but the pictures is great and i have n't ran out of time yet . we have used this indoors , outdoors and have no problems . we have recorded our son 's basketball games and it worked great . we read where the batteries did n't last very long , but we have been using rechargeable batteries and have been impressed with lifetime they have . this is a must for those who have children or grandchildren
11666: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i pass the exam this morning with 83 %. from total time i spend 70% time reading this book . this book is good if you have limited time to prepare for scjp . it does n't have boring description . the authors have done excellent job to extract out core concept from exam point of view . however , there are some typos and cds is not useful . i could n't able to access what is inside cds . anyway it was worth canadian $ 55 investment . i did refer khalid mughal book to clear some of the funda and practice examples
11667: real: neg ; predicted: pos
david bowie always walked a thin line between commercially acceptable and just plain commercial . this is the first time he fell off and became just plain commercial . a disco-esque record , it 's remembered more fondly than it was received by bowie fans at the time . it has some good moments , but overall the production is just too slick and there 's a dearth of imagination on it - china girl is an old iggy pop song , cat people is just a newer version of a previous single and criminal world is a cover of a song by metro , meaning there 's a grand total of five new songs on it . china girl proves a perfect foil for bowie 's melodramatic vocals , cat people is still great even when smothered in too much production and modern love proves that you 're ( nearly ) always gonna get at least one classic on a bowie album . ironically , while it made him a global megastar , this record also marked the start of bowie 's alarmingly swift fall from grace . if he 'd stuck to the highly original work he 'd churned out before this , he 'd probably have had his moment in the sun anyway.. . and nobody could have accused him of selling out . now , what 's that they say about hindsight
11668: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the worst thing i have ever bought . i bought it because i am having some trouble in spanish in school . i bought it thinking that if i gave a english word it would give you the spanish word or vise versa . but all it does is give you the definition and does not give you the english word.so save your self 20 dollars and do n't buy thi
11670: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you have had any exposure to good literature , you will find this novel nearly insufferable . the symbolism is cliche , narrative style predictable and unoriginal , and the book as a whole is this woman 's self-indulgent notion that the story of her family makes a good read . if she had any creative ability , she could use her family history as a starting point , but she does very little to distinguish her writing as exciting and fresh . dull , dry , predicatable , callow , and unfortuantly a requirement from a lit professor who has insulted my eight semesters as an english student
11673: real: neg ; predicted: pos
boston have to be one of the worst bands ever ! ! the singer screams and they made some of the lousiest songs like rock n roll band , and the horrible more than a feeling . they would not hold a candle to smart bands like metallica who rock ! i just got metallica 's 4th lp today . get and justice for all by metallica insted
11675: real: neg ; predicted: pos
avoid this cheapo release of these great film ! subpar prints..certainly not from original 35mm elements..wait for the good one to come out down the road
11681: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this camera in the beginning of january . i was looking for a compact camera ( not necessarily pocket size , though ) that was capable of taking great pictures and that was also capable of taking movies in a decent quality . based on test reports at dpreview and other customer reports i decided for the fuji f31fd . i was intrigued by the new sensor that fuji is using and that seems to be very light sensitive , which is true . after receiving the camera i took a lot of test pictures under various conditions , with and without flash , bright light , low light , different iso settings , different exposure times , etc. i compared the pictures with my 4-year old sony dsc-v1 and the results were amazing . the picture quality of the fuji was very poor . colors were ' smeared ' but the main problem was noise . even under bright light conditions and iso 100 settings the white had considerable noise , same with other colors ( rgb noise ) . i did n't check grey / black noise ( as they do in the test reports ) but the noise in white and colors was just too annoying . what a disappointment . the lens seemed to be pretty poor as well , at least there was no comparison to the sony dsc-v1 with a carl zeiss lens . after one week we returned the camera and i bought the sony h5. this is really a great camera , i must admit . the picture quality is even better than with the v1 and i thought that the v1 was already pretty good . i can only recommend sony 's h5 , even though it has a different form factor and may therefore not really compare to the much smaller f31fd . what i liked about the f31fd was its size , its responsiveness and the monitor and menu . however , if the picture quality is so poor it also does n't really help
11682: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book of eight stories by virginia woolf shows virginia 's mind at work demonstrating her & quot ; stream of consciousness . &quot ; each story flows from one thought to another asking different questions about life . for example , & quot ; the mark on the wall&quot ; questions the meaning of life and existence . & quot ; an unwritten novel&quot ; is about what people hide and what you do n't know about a person you seat next to on an & quot ; omnibus . &quot ; all these stories will make you look at life in a slightly different way
11683: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have had this straightener for about a year . it will get my wavy hair straight but not quickly and i have to use the high heat settings . also , my hair does not get stick straight but if your hair is already pretty straight then this is a good straightener
11686: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was so pleased to find this movie on amazon.com . i had watched it as a child and pinned over it when i could not find it in stores over the years . this is such a pure love story , with the main characters completely selfless and yet charmingly real . there are too few unpretentious , untampered romantic movies around these days . most reveal too much - literally . but this one leaves you truly satisfied while lending pleasant modesty to a normally scandalous genre
11689: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a musician 's story . all factual and carefully done , showing a gathering of cuban jazz greats after many years of not performing . good photography , interesting scenes and good music . they still play ! well done
11691: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great camera . plenty of resolution . excellent shot speed . sturdy frame . the kit lense does n't do the camera justice . buy the body separate and add a better lense . on the bad side , i had a small glitch with the camera 's firmware soon after purchase and had to return it for a fix . it was two months before the camera was returned . sorry , canon.. . you lose a star for that
11694: real: pos ; predicted: neg
fyodor dostoyevsky 's nineteenth century novella " notes from underground " and the plot of this twenty first century movie carry identical messages . the movie is an eloquent cinematic adaptation of the novel that gives dostoevsky 's central character a new breath of life from the modern day perspective . the movie attempts to survey the convoluted mind of a building inspector through a video-taped self confession . the psychological similarities between the character in dostoevsky 's novel and the building supervisor in the movie are uncanny . both characters share a state of mind that is the epitome of a human condition where miserable anti hero attitude reigns through a heightened level consciousness and the rationality of everyday living through action is put to rest . the character in the movie who identifies himself as a " sick man , a spiteful man " lives his life in isolation by the drowning himself into the puddle of his own conflicting thoughts . he despises his friends and at the same time he seems eager to improve his relationship with them . the character in the movie voluntarily creates unpleasant scenarios that trigger his eventual self demise . he often finds himself confined within the conflicting walls of his consciousness . he falls in love with a prostitute but at the same time he is utterly disgusted by her profession and tries to dominate her . by escalating the level of his thought process well above the habitual human awareness , the central character of the movie isolates himself from the crowd that dostoevsky 's narrator identifies as the " men of action " . the building supervisor is paralyzed by the own consciousness just like the narrator in dostoevsky 's novel . dostoevsky 's novel and the movie helps us realize that the collective standard of self-consciousness that the society forces us to adapt through a methodical process of uniformity and conformity , has a negative side effect that is strong enough to paralyze our lives and inflict a profound sense of alienation in our minds .
11699: real: neg ; predicted: pos
por qu se le ocurri a tim burton hacer un remake de este clsico ? el resultado no puede ser peor.. . slo fui a verla porque sale tim . que vestido de primate resultes igual de atractivo y apasionado que siempre es lo nico que vale la pena de toda la historia . tus ojos siguen emitiendo fuego . qu no se apague nunca ! you are the best !
11703: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what an absolute lifesaver ! as parents of two kids - ( one dreamer and one dynamo ) we had run through the endless & quot ; experts&quot ; in our town for answers . this is a priceless resource for anyone who wants to stand up with facts to experts in both the medical and the school-related fields . it gives reasons for behavior and what works , and more importantly , why what a lot of people want you to do wo n't work ! i have given it to each teacher / specialist who works with my children . her advice does work and your special bright child will blossom with it . it is written in an engaging and segmented format . be sure to read the part addressing whether or not to medicate . perfect for carpool wait times as most parents of these bright and energetic kids do n't get any other time to sit still
11707: real: neg ; predicted: pos
maybe because i did n't like porco . everything was sub-par for me . animation is definitely not as good as his later movies . not enough weirdness , tried too much for the plot . everything was just too ho-hum . as if he tried to carry the whole movie on porco 's shoulders . but once you got past the fact that everyone else was human and porco was a pig there was n't anything else there .
11709: real: pos ; predicted: neg
challenging and fun . graphics a fair compared to the mindless flashy video games . educational value is exellent , challenging and helps develop speed as well as accuracy . the challenge of having to think and get the right math answer in order to advance makes the games more challenging than the flashey graphic video games . if the animation was similar to the flashy video game adventures ( ie : jak 3 or ratchett and clank ) it might make it too hard because of all the distractions and tools obtained . it might be interesting if that level of graphics and animation was worked into the game . the younger kids may be better able to intergrate a multi-tooled , multi-level , multi-directional with more mapping and varied spatial orientation than older people . my eight year old was able to gain more speed quicker on the game than i was
11714: real: pos ; predicted: neg
would highly recommend . we attend dog show that are in the middle of no were.. . this product got us to every show we have been to since we started using it in march 2007.we especially in enjoyed the feature of being able to find what kind of business were in the area were.we hate getting lost especially with a truck loaded down with dogs and conformation equiptment , this product has stopped that from happening . it would be nice if the 2008 version : 1 - it spoke the name of the streets while it was giving you the next turn 2 - it would get rid of that agreement screen everytime you use it , once should be enough and 3 - it would be nice if we could log on to the web and down load the latest addition of gas station , place to eat and etc.. . while we were down loading the construction updates . this product is a good buy for the money. .
11718: real: neg ; predicted: pos
" you get what you pay for " most of the time that cliche is true , but there are products out there that break this rule . the philips dvp642 is one of them , a great quality , versatile product selling at a bargain price . this is not . i was hoping the same of this product from all the " glowing " reviews on here . however , this quality of this monopod is very disappointing . first of all , you have to ask yourself , why do you need a monopod over a tripod ? for myself and most , it 's because we need some stability and portability for our telephoto zoom lenses . however , telephoto zooms are long and heavy so the monopod should be designed strong and solid to live up to the task . this monopod does n't even come close . here are it 's bad points : -the aluminum construction is very cheap quality . the leg segments wobble laterally when you extend and close them . it feels like thin , cheap aluminum and the monopod feels it could break in half like a toothpick at any time . -the head is very cheap and not solid . no matter how tight i tightened the head , my camera would slope down . the workmanship of the head is so cheap that at any point , you think that you 're going to break the plastic tightening screw if you tighten it too much . i think we 've all experienced that in the past . -the leg locks are not tight . when you push down on the monopod , the leg segments slide back into themselves . in the end , it was a risk i took hoping that i could get a high-quality product for a cheap price . sometimes , you can get away with that . walmart sells a very decent functioning tripod for only $30. in this case , i should 've bought a real monopod . oh well , i wasted $16 that i could 've used to help pay for a higher quality monopod
11728: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i just upgraded my webster software to this version for winxp . it 's ok and does the job it 's intended to perform . but i liked the previous versions that displayed both the definitions and the thesaurus in parallel panels . just a matter of display preference , so it 's not that important to every user .
11729: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the humor is definitely not in the book - reviews and summaries use the word " hilarity " however , i did not come across any situation that i would classify as even funny , not to mention hilarious . i thoroughly enjoyed her first novel , pink slip , however , this one seemed depressing . the two main characters appeared to have no respect or show any outward love toward each other until the very end of the story . the plot seemed to be very slow - the whole story took place in a matter of days , but really , nothing took place in the book . all in all , they bought a house . i would pass on this for better reads elsewhere
11730: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this film starts with an event based on a true crime . a talk radio show host in denver was killed by an american nazi . ( this event inspired the " talk radio " play and film . ) this film continues with scenes from a small town in a farming region . no mention of their economic status ; are they losing dollars and population , small businesses , etc. instead we see a small group of white racists who abduct a black man to hunt and kill him ! this seems too exaggerated to believe . federal agents are aware of this but do n't want to act yet . their agent is sent back to get more information . there are groups like that in some sparsely settled areas . the film does n't explain what created them . it shows how some politicians try to use them for votes and contributions . no real names , of course . the federal agent meets to report to her higher ups . then we see terrorists prepare to hold up a bank to raise money for their activities ( based on real events ) . most bank robberies are done by ordinary criminals who are not part of any group . ( the fbi put an end to organized gangs that robbed banks in the 1940s . ) this federal agency does n't interfere because they want more information on their aims ( and their leaders ) . more terrorism is planned : dynamiting a courthouse , attacking a power station , etc. the terrorist plots here would keep this small group busy 24 hours a day ! kathy finds a secret list of " friends " . this is quickly copied with a camera . the federal agents need to know who this group will target so they can arrest them . gary meets with the leader ( who arrives in a helicopter ! ) and shows documents that say kathy is a special investigator . is kathy being served up as a sacrifice ? gary and kathy travel to chicago , where an assassination is planned that will make gary the fall guy . ( another lee harvey oswald ? ) a second " lone gunman " shoots the politician in front of a building . gary fails to shoot , and wo n't ever try this again . costa-gavras gained world fame with his 1969 film " z " . a few years later his film about rebels in south america was popular . his later films have seemed mediocre . a better story might not have tried to cover so many details and plots as this film does ; better pacing could help . the threat from domestic terrorism still needs a good film ( e.g. , timothy mcveigh ) . those who gave this film a high rating must love the images more than the facts . a better film today would show the bad results from " nafta " and " free trade " in harming most americans economically . but hollywood would never allow a film about this " war on the middle class " . the word ` nafta ' in greek and arabic refers to ` petroleum' . nafta is a symbol for the policies designed for big oil . it is like george w . bush calling his policy " operation iraqi liberation " .
11731: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the product was easy to install but there was a trick i noticed . a day after installing the software i ran full scan . to try the sincerity of the software , i downloaded same free trial . to my chagrin i was told my computer has about 420 problems and could only fix about 15. my question now is are all these gimmicks
11735: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you have kids or grandkids , who think about politics & like " sf " ; give them this book ! it was one of the many heinlein works that helped me grow up . it is the best & most important of his " for kids novels " . i ment to give it 5 stars ! ! ! !
11736: real: pos ; predicted: neg
superior to the first steppenwolf album in many ways , and including a song that tops even ' born to be wild ' itself , ' magic carpet ride ' , is as essential as the group 's first album , even to the casual rock fan . it opens with ' faster than the speed of life ' , a perfect blend of steppenwolfish hard rock & airplanesque psychedelic rock ( like ' she has funny cars ' ) . ' tighten up your wing ' is an upbeat , bluesy track , that bounces well along , before being replaced with ' none of your doing ' , a steppenwolf-classic , that shifts gear between verse & chorus . ' spiritual fantasy ' is one of the strangest creations on the album , strangely touching , though appaling at first . but given a second chance , it comes across as one of the best tracks on the album . the marihuana-anthem ' do n't step on the grass , sam ' is pure heavy steppenwolf , a timeless classic , that crunches slowly , but steadily along . ' 28 ' is a great rock song with just a hint of psychedelia in the melody . a neat little rocker that is followed by the ultimate psychedelic dance track . ' magic carpet ride ' is simply steppenwolf 's best song ever , a fantastic blend of rhytm , melody & vision , that is worth the price of all steppenwolf 's classic albums on its own . it was also the only of their singles to almost replicate ' born to be wild 's us #2 placing , when it shot to #3 on the us chart . ' disappointment number ' is almost that , but then not again . it is an odd ode to / parody of old blues , complete with bird sounds in the background , as if it 's an old blues singer sitting out in the open . ' lost and found by trial and error ' has a great tune , and rocks away well , as does ' hodge , podge , strained through a leslie ' and ' resurrection' . both employ the classic steppenwolf sound in a great rocking way , to become , if not classics , then at least steppenwolf-standards . the album closes with ' reflections ' a weird song , that seems like somebody trying to be visionary , before you realize that that is just what he is . just in a very peculiar way . the album has some , if not weak , then not too powerful spots , but generally it is a more than worthy follow-up to the first steppenwolf album , with a great blend of the band 's traditional hard rock and a form of psychedelia that suits them perfectly . even the least interesting tracks rock nicely , & no-one should have anything to complain about here. .
11737: real: neg ; predicted: pos
yet another offering from the kinkade art product assembly line . pass on this - - read real books and buy real art instead
11739: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this movie for my husband because its one of his faves . when we received it we found out it was a blu ray edition and our dvd player does n't accept blu ray dvd's . so i basically bought a movie i ca n't watch . it should have been put in the description that this a blu ray edition for those of us who do n't have blu ray compatible dvd players
11740: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great deal , great price , great product . emedia guitar method is by far one of the greatest computer learn to play programs out there . my order netted me a brand new , factory fresh product , securely and quickly shipped . thanks , again
11741: real: neg ; predicted: pos
garbage metal - music for the american mainstream to feed on . i saw them open for slayer about 4-5 years back , and they had about 5 guys on stage doing nothing except jumping up and down . how pathetic ! pick up some real metal... . like old kreator .
11748: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had this for about 2 years , and was not impressed . it worked for a month or so , and since then , does nothing . if you fill it up with water , and then plug it in for several days , the water level never goes down . i 've tried cleaning it repeatedly , and tried various things to make it work , but apparently it 's just dead . it was a cheap product ; you get what you pay for
11750: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as a fan of zombie movies and as someone who enjoyed city of the living dead and zombie , i was very disappointed with house by the cemetery . fulci manages to create a good mystery in the first two-thirds of the movie , only to squander it on some poorly executed scare scenes . house by the cemetery is about an researcher ( whose work is never specified ) who moves his wife and his kid into a house in massachussets in order to finish out the work of a colleague who killed himself and his mistress . the titular house is the only place they can really find for the moment , so dr. boyle , his wife lucy and their son bob move in despite a lot of bad signs , like the boarded-up door to the cellar and a tombstone for a dr. jacob tess freudstein in the front hall . bob has little red-headed girl for a friend who keeps warning him about how bad the house is ( though no one else sees her ) . furthermore , people keep claiming dr. boyle has been in town before with a non-existent daughter ( which he denies , not totally convincingly ) . he also seems to have some secret relationship with the babysitter , anne , who starts unboarding the cellar door in the middle of the night . and lucy seems to either be recovering from or suffering from serious psychological issues . got that ? good , because half of that stuff never gets explained . the only things that get worked out are the little red-headed girl 's identity and the identity of the killer ( neither of which are that hard to figure out ) . there are some nice visual moments in the earlier parts of the film ( the fact that the killer has one normal hand and one rotting hand , the photograph that changes with each viewing , a mannequin that gets beheaded and starts bleeding ) but fulci 's ability to handle the gore moments disappoints . he lingers too long over some deaths , makes the killer so ridiculously slow that a snail could outrun him and bits like the babysitter 's head falling down the stairs come off as funny rather than scary . compared to the injury to the eye scene in zombie or christopher george chopping through the coffin in cotld , dr. boyle 's chopping through the door around his son 's head feels like self-parody . fulci 's other films have incoherent plots , but rarely in a way that seems to work against the plot ( the dream-like nature of city of the living dead seems appropriate given the prophetic dream the heroine gets and the mystical nature of the threat ) and the execution of the setpieces is usually fantastic . house by the cemetery has neither thing working in its favor . it 's not hell of the living dead-level bad , but the fact that it has some genuinely good acting ( especially paolo malco , who plays dr. boyle ) and an interesting set-up almost make the flaws worse . also , this version has a " never before seen deleted scene " , but it has no sound and is just an extended reaction shot after the bat attack
11752: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the video-editing component of this package , video wave , worked great for me for about a year , but it has recently turned into a nightmare ! the audio is anywhere between 2 and 4 seconds out of sync with the video , and after trying everything i 'm convinced that its a problem with the code . a quick product search will show others who have had similar problems . i would stay away
11755: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought a new state-of-the-art computer in february that came preloaded with windows vista . i was initially excited to get a computer that was running the newest operating system , and i hoped it would mean that my computer would have a much longer effective life . i have been nothing but disappointed since receiving this machine , especially knowing that had i called dell , they would have installed xp instead . pros : -better security ( it prompts me & allows me to stop some of the annoying " automatic " programs that software makers sneak onto your system ) -better appearance ( this is strictly cosmetic , and i 'd rather stare at an ugly screen that worked rather than a pretty , useless one ) cons : -freezing : i use this computer 2-3 hours a day and i can expect 1-2 freezes / day . restarting often fails , and i have to cut the power and restart again . -display problems : although the cosmetics of the program were better , vista ca n't display anything right . i tried updating the display driver which caused a major crash after restarting . i had to boot in safe mode and rollback the driver to get my computer back . apparently , the newest display drivers are incompatible with vista . -incompatibility : entirely too many programs are incompatible with vista , including some fairly big ones ( lots of adobe software , ipods , display drivers , etc. ) i know vista is new , and these software companies are slow to adapt , but does it really make sense for an operating system like vista to render virtually all of my other software obsolete ? why ca n't vista play nicely with the other kids ? -its slow ! ! ! - - part of the reason i bought a new , state-of-the-art computer was to replace my old laptop ( which still runs ok , but has become a little buggy & sluggish in the past 4 years ) . although this computer is light years ahead of the old one , it actually runs even slower than my old laptop . technical support has largely attributed this to the demands of vista . bottom line : 1. if you are not good with computers , avoid vista like the plague 2. vista is a rip-off . save your money and keep / get xp- - i 'm probably going to return my computer and make the manufacturer install xp so i can regain some speed and system stability . maybe in the future vista will work ok , but not right now.. . 3. the incompatibility issues- - though there are several- - conspicuously include problems with mac-oriented software ( ipod , adobe ) . i ca n't help but feel that microsoft built-in these specific incompatibility issues in order to battle apple
11756: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a good charger - quick and portable . but the battery life of the battery sucks !
11757: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this product and the accuracy depends on having good test strips . i simultaneously had bloodwork at the doctor 's office when i did the test . except for the total cholesterol , all the other tests were off . the manual states to check for the blue color at the back of the test strips after the test is done . except for total cholestrol the other test strips did not have a blue color . the test strips which are expensive were bad . i am planning on returning this produc
11760: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this tribute was announced almost ten years ago , and it seems to have undergone a transformation since then . to be fair , there are some interesting additions such as the sufjan stevens and brad mehldau tracks . and emmylou harris is brilliant . but sarah mclachlan 's " blue " has been heard before as has prince 's " a case of you . " earlier reports indicated contributions from heaviweights like steely dan and lindsey buckingham . i sure would like to have heard what they would have done . even more disappointing is that joni 's hejira-mingus era albums are mostly ignored - and that was her best music , in my opinion . as a final indignity , it sounds to me that too much compression was added in the mastering phase , and hence the overall sound quality of the cd is lacking in dynamics .
11761: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it is a very dry book and hard to stay interested in . i am barely able to stay awake while reading it . it does have some interesting things
11763: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this thing stinks ! so much digital noise its output is terrible . i do n't know how they can put this thing out and have it be so bad . do n't be fooled thinking wow 8 megs for a low price , i have a 5 meg sony that is many times better . all that noise blows the detail out . get it if you like lots of little green and red flecks in your pictures , other wise stay away
11773: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was watching cinemax one night , bored out of my mind and unable to sleep , when this movie came on . the acting made me laugh . the premise made me laugh . everything about it made me laugh . hey , at least it was fun to make fun of anyway . just kinda mad that i wasted a good 80 minutes on this piece of crap
11774: real: pos ; predicted: neg
another hot release , top 5 in 2005 so far . no one even metions track 7 produced by one and only el-producto and track 8 by belief . hot cd recommend to those who do n't listin to bull
11776: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i originally purchased the samsung duocam scd6040. it fortunately broke 1 week before the warranty ran out . the video began having giant pixilated squares when video taping and on playback . though under warranty , it still cost me $49 ( their fee ) to send in the camera for a repair . the repaired camera came back broken . i had to deal with many customer service people , but finally got them to agree mine was a " lemon " and they sent me the scd6550. now 10 months later , the video and playback on this duocam has broken . you see a black screen with yellow blocks on the lcd and through the viewfinder . i cannot video tape or playback anything on tape . it is not under warranty . i ca n't believe their cameras / duocams do n't last longer than one year . they must use cheap parts . please save yourself the headache and chose another brand .
11777: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i give this movie 1 star because it lies to the viewer . this movie is not bram stoker 's dracula , but a rip-off of the character and then puts the modern spin on the story . if it was named something else or even kept the name dracula out of it to begin with but called him a different name i 'd give it 5 stars . if you want to see the real dracula story first read the actual book by bram stoker , then watch the silent film nosferatu . nosferatu is the only dracula movie that gets the story right . dracula is a monster , he 's not a star crossed lover at all and was n't intended to be . people wanted there to be some hidden message so they could justify a reason for their otherwise worthless literature degree but there simply is n't one . it 's a horror tale , not a vieled porn book , and certainly not a love story . if anything the ones that fail to understand dracula time and again are his victims who fall prey to his seduction by being anthropomorphic toward him
11781: real: pos ; predicted: neg
abel 's island is about a mouse named abel . he encounters a hurricane that separates him from his wife . after the storm , he ends up on an island where he cannot escape because of the current surrounding the island . he tries many ways to return to the place he loves , but all fail . about a year after countless attempts to leave the island , a frog appears by accident . gover , the frog , becomes friends with abel and says he will come back with people to help abel . abel 's plans to return were very interesting . his methods were very creative so it held my attention . my favorite part was when he was fighting the owl . i found a similarity between abel and stuart little . both had to navigate water . stuart little was successful , but was abel ? read the book to find out .
11782: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck
11785: real: neg ; predicted: pos
how can he be such an enormous talent when all he does is copy off of other people ? sorry i just cant see it . i dont think he does justice to nolan porter 's " if i could only be sure " on the first track at all : if you want to hear some great music listen to the original ! ! !
11786: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when my virus protection was about to expire , i was in a quandary . i was n't at all happy with the norton i had purchased last year . and , i was n't especially pleased with the mcafee i had used the year before that . when i checked the local stores , there did n't seem to be anything else to choose from . i checked amazon and found more options , plus plenty of customer comments to help me decide . my son told me that bitdefender had been given the highest rating by consumer reports . that , together with other customer comments on amazon , helped me decide to give it a try . so far , i 'm delighted with its performance . in fact , when i first installed it , it found a virus and some suspicious cookies that norton never caught . it does n't appear to be interferring with my system operations ( unlike norton and mcafee ) , it and does n't constantly interrupt with pop-ups and unnecessary warnings . the best thing is that it gives me two years of protection for the price of one year with the other guys
11793: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you 're a professional photographer , you can probably ignore this review . but then you probably wo n't be thinking about buying this lens anyway , as you 'll be off to purchase a nice l series . however , if - like me - you just happen to have a nice canon digital rebel camera ( or equivalent ) and enjoy taking decent pictures , this lens will probably work out very well for you . i 've taken well over 1000 pictures with it in a couple of weeks , and it has performed very much as expected . for the price , it 's perfect for a go-everywhere lens . a few main points . okay , it 's not the best image quality . even on low / medium iso it seems a little grainy and its not as sharp as some of the more expensive canon lenses . it struggles indoors unless you have a good flash unit , but for well-lit outdoor shoots it 's works very well . of course , it would be nice to have a nice l series with is , but if you ca n't afford that then this is a very good value lens . not for the real professionals , but great if you do n't take things too seriously and just want a bit more zoom - and , let 's face it , who does n't want a but more zoom
11797: real: pos ; predicted: neg
compared to the first humidifier i got from walmart , this cute cow is absolutely quiet and working just perfect . oh , well i just got it yesterday so it 's too early to say perfect , but considering others ' reviews , i am pretty confident that i am gonna love it longer than at the first sight . the only thing is i do n't know where to put it . the power cord has to be plugged into a wall socket and the cord is not long . i am a little concern that the nearby stuff such as my wood chair or chest , or even other electrical appliances will get damaged by surrounded with the emitting mist all the time
11801: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was history as usa army specilist , i went ion a terst flight and flew over the grave of the hindenburg ive lived in germany with the usa and i have to re-order my copy of the hindenbur
11802: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i run the after school program at the local jr high where i work . we try to push the importance of computer skills on the children . i just upgraded to the 800 , 000 clip art library . we use these images for just about every project . i have never wanted a certain type of image and not been able to find it ! ! !
11803: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book is typical for many of its kind , just a man-hating drivel from feminists...and otherwise good for nothing
11804: real: pos ; predicted: neg
but a good debut album . this is when i felt proud knowin ja was from ny . no radio friendly s*** here just street for the most part . but i guess when you were never really gangsta in the first place you ca n't keep talkin about it , which is why i guess he changed his style . now the subject i wanna hit . has anyone noticed that guy named progressive ? why does amazon allow goofs who hate hip hop trash our culture ? and everytime i turn around its some damn rocker / junkie hippie . last time i checked rhythm and melody was part of music . i dont hear none of those when i through on heavy metal or rock . i 'm tired of our music bein trashed . you know what im a go trash one of they " artist " right now
11805: real: neg ; predicted: pos
you have this camera case listed under accessories for the panasonic dmc fa20pp lumix camera . the camera does not come close to fitting in this case . the camera is 1 1 / 2 inches wider than the case .
11806: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this item intially fit very well but within 5 weeks i bit a hole in the right side and it came apart and i only wear it 4-6 hours a night . this product is very poor because it is expensive if you have to replace them every 6 weeks or so . i like the design and it does n't cut up my mouth but i ca n't be replacing it every other month
11807: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you 've found these reviews , you already know this lens is one of the best canon products out there . i did not bite on the is version , and i have not found myself ever wishing i did ; this lens is everything it 's hyped up to be and performs well in low-light / indoor situations . i do n't think it 's weight is that big a deal . i really do n't have any problem carrying this lens around for a day - - in my hands or in a bag - - even with a 1.4 extender attached . it can feel a bit heavy but i do n't mind , and neither will you when you see the results later on . i 've used this a lot for shooting professional baseball and it 's landed me front page ink several times . in my mind , i could get the 1.4 extender with this lens and give myself a 70-280 range , which is pretty adequate for most sports and nature photography , considering the 300 f / 2.8 and it 's friends are much , much more expensive . the lens works basically just as fast and sharp , in my opinion , with the 1.4 at f / 4 , although some may debate this . flip on any baseball or football game and you will see this lens around the neck of most every pro . if you can swing the price , enjoy it ! my advice is to continue reading up on this or similar products , although i found most everyone agreed , this is one of the finest lens around . it 's one that makes people stop and stare and wonder who you are
11810: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this small and cheep hood can save you realy a lot of money . it 's doeing it job wonderful keeps you pictures brigth and clear , but also the hood protect you lens from a lot of things which trying to hit you lens
11811: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this " special addiction " dvd of " reefer madness from twentieth century fox home entertainment is truly awesome ! ! ! includes both original black and white and colorized versions of the now cult classic ! ! ! plus some great extras too , including 2 commentaries and the hilarious " gandpa 's marijuana handbook " ! two thumbs up ! ! ! five stars ! !
11812: real: pos ; predicted: neg
all of these bad reviews confuse a movie they did n't like with a badly made movie . this is a very well made movie , with perfectly competent performances . the tone is quite serious , and the ending wo n't cheer anyone up . but then there are many people who loved titanic , which i found utterly depressing . more to the point , though , who cares about the problems of these rich kids ? not me . the real reason to watch this is to see molly ringwald at her most beautiful . and if you enjoy this film , check out less than zero , another gloomy but solid ( & underrated ) ' 80s film . the worst ' 80s film is bright lights , big city - do n't say i did n't warn you !
11813: real: pos ; predicted: neg
throb was my introduction to jazz back in ' 69 or ' 70. i have listened to it all of these years on lp then cd , and it never lost its charm . steve swallow was just as nutty then as he is now , " chickens " is my favorite cut . the play between electric violinist richard greene and guitarist jerry hahn is a thing of beauty . hahn is still a player who can put just the right note in just the right place ( like that other countrified genius of jazz bill frisell ) , he can fuzz and wah-wah then tinkle the strings just right to make his musical point . one interesting thing is the organ playing by burton on throb , besides his vibes . the jarrett-burton album also has hahn and swallow , and drummer bill goodwin - -it is very much an album that shows all the new ideas sprouting in music . fortunately , the ideas of that time did not die out , but have continued to grow , making room for all sorts of fusions in jazz , many of which have been remarkable to experience . these two-lps-in-one is like having a superstar album before they became superstars . as i said before , i still play this cd after almost 35 years , and i still get a kick out of it , and still find things that amaze me
11814: real: pos ; predicted: neg
one reviewer claims that this is marred by some of eliot 's unfurtunate preducices . but how come you do n't say something like that about o ' henry . we ca n't just stop reading authers because you we do n't like their views . someone calls hemingway looking forward ? if that 's looking forward i'de rather look backward . hemingway has no concept of lyricism what so ever . most of the people that reviewer named justly loved eliot . eliot is not looking nesscarily towards the past , but towards what we have made out of the present . in name of progress , we have destroyed nature and good part of our souls . to call eliot conservative at the time he wrote the poem would be redicoulous , the first draft according to one of eliot 's biographers , was absolutly a expression of relavtism . one critic accused him being a nihilist . on the poem itself eliot is truly a master at evocating mode and tone , not to mention his brilliant use of imperfect rymthe . so it does n't have the crepty sentimentalism and redicoulous forays of expression of eariler and later poets . so he looks at his poetry with a sense of hard classicism , we could use more of that . yet what he does n't right he evoces through mode and tone , giving us truly one of the best poems of this , or any other century .
11815: real: neg ; predicted: pos
honestly , i thought the book was just plain boring and repetitive . the author 's main point , although interesting , seems to me like it would fit into an essay . also , the particular print of the book that i purchased , has a dog on the cover , i was very much expecting the book to center around dog behavior . instead , i felt i little duped . most insight into dog behavior came from previous third person experiments / theories or anedoctal accounts of " my friend 's dog fido , one day did this.. . " i hardly think that what one dog did can be generalized to the whole dog population . i mean , the author does n't even have a dog ! ! i suspect that i , who have had a lifelong history with dogs , have more first hand experience with dog behavior than the author . i do n't recommend this book to all the dog lovers out there . now , if your " thing " is cows... . get this book !
11817: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i did a little research after trying to install this product and found that symantec is no longer rated very well for anti virus . one site that states this is consumer reports ( they are towards the bottom of the ratings ) . it has become major bloatware and its stability is n't what it used to be . maybe this is why peter norton sold his interests and bailed out . i am far from being a novice , but this thing gave me a fight the whole way . so on with my saga . first , this product was supposed to be for windows xp and 2000 pro . even the box says this . but when i insert the cd in a w2k pro machine all i got was an error box showing the error icon and the ok button . real informative . going through the back door i try to install without going through the cd autostart program . now i get a box that says it requires xp 32 bit . so that leaves out 2 of the machines i bought this for . so i go to a machine running xp . first one loads ok , but it says it is incompatible with my firewall ( zonealarm ) which i happen to trust a lot . then on the second machine it goes through the install ( which takes 45 min ) and then runs the autoupdate and hangs halfway through . i finally had to abort it after it sat there an hour ( i was hoping it was just another slow moment ) . rebooted and the program was no longer running . starting it up myself resulted in it failing to load . now i 'm stuck , it wo n't allow me to uninstall nor reload it again . had to obtain a removal tool from their web site and it promptly removed every symantec product on the machine . maybe this was the writing on the wall ? by now i 'm a couple days into the drama . meanwhile , the first xp machine that loaded fine did another automatic update and guess what . it locked up half way through . now it will not run and had to be removed the same way . so i am now the proud owner of zonealarm 's internet suite . it cost less than the nav ( both 5 user versions ) , and loaded much faster . ten minutes and i was done , where it was an hour into nav when things worked and it loaded . i am taking this up with symantec and trying to get a refund . they can keep it . i 've been less satisfied with every upgrade and this one finally broke the camel 's back . maybe i 'll try again someday if i come up with a new camel , but they do n't grow well in seattle . added 3-12-2007 : i have also noted that after removing nav that things i could not explain before have been cured . for instance , the web site [...] would not load many of it 's pages correctly , they would show the text coding instead of html . now that i am nav free , all of the pages on this site load with no problems . hmmmm. .
11818: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was expecting to see a decent film by bava , but after having seen about 5 of his films , i can only guess that is he is a very good stylist but he lacks the capability to engage us with a story or to even scare us . most of his films are gorgeous to behold but they are vapid and have no story , this film is just like all the rest . there is no point to any of it , there is no plot and hardly any suspense , suffice it to say it might be interesting for a 12 year old horror goof but to an adult , its quite tedious . chris lee is rather banal also , he does n't do much and it seems that he dubbed his own voice in the studio , most of the cast is rather dull also , supposedly playing some ancient noble family , they look more like 1960 's mop heads and morons who were on too much acid . the dialogue , what there is , is crude , probably written by a drunk italian because there are so many mistakes , one example was when lee was whipping the lady on the beach and she says , " i ca n't have more ice cream ! " so , i would suggest renting " planet of the vampires " because that is more enjoyable than this waste . interesting character to note was " lesmo " , dubbed as the " european peter lorre " who does n't have much in the way of presence or acting skills and he looks like a cross between a frog and a midget .
11822: real: neg ; predicted: pos
you know , after really trying to like this album , i must agree with k johnson . oftentimes a really good album sounds horrible ( or just plain plain ) upon one or three spins , so when this album did n't move me the first time , i decided to hang back and try again in a few days . then again . and again . and one more time . usually after three or four complete spins ( which was like work , with this one ) the jems will work there way to the surface . sufjian stevens was like that . so was z by my morning jacket . but the problem was that i really wanted to like this one . all the reviews i read were hyping this as the album of the decade , and i wanted them to be right . unfortunately , none of them were right . it is a plodding , lifeless album wanting desperately to be ' hip ' and failing miserably , to the point of being embarassing almost . like your 40 something hipster college prof with a graying ponytail ( who will love this , by the way ) , it will be pointless to argue with those who like this album . i have to say that it is obvious these guys put a lot of work into this , and they do have talent ; it just does n't get me there . i hope they can live up to the hype next time . i truly do. .
11823: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i rarely write reviews of music but feel that i must share my impressions of this cd . i have long heard some of my favorite singers praise the songwriting prowess of townes but somehow never got around to buying one of his records . i finally picked this one up because it had two songs that were covered by two of my favorite singers- -lyle lovett - " lungs " ( among others ) and steve earle - " tecumseh valley " . i was blown away by the sheer beauty and poetry of every song on this recording . other reviewers seem to be comparing this to other townes ' records . i come from a different angle . as someone who has long heard townes sopken of with the highest praise , i can say this disk does not disappoint and will influence me to fill out my collection of his recordings . i will also say that i am deeply frustrated that i never took advantage of the chance to see townes perform while he was alive .
11824: real: neg ; predicted: pos
in the past , i have considered amazon to be one of the better and more reliable online shopping websites . to be perfectly honest , i am no longer sure . two months ago , i bought this camera set from 47th st photo that was being sold on amazon . this camera set was called the 1 gb stylus 720 sw kit . ironically , the case did not fit the camera and the card reader did not even support 1 gb cards ! my first thought was that 47th st photo made an oversight with the accessories . two weeks after receiving the kit , i emailed 47th st photo to inform them of the mistake . after waiting a few weeks for a response , i decided to send them a second email . again , no response . by this point , i felt helpless and turned to amazon for aid . surprisingly , amazon was not much better than 47th st photo . minutes after sending the email to amazon , i received an automatic email informing me that amazon had received my email . that was the last i heard from amazon . more than two months have passed and i have not heard from either company
11825: real: neg ; predicted: pos
save your money on this one . it 's sooooooo bland - with no jams ! what a disappointment . can i get a refund
11826: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i discovered the existence of this novel , i was enthusiastic and intrigued . unfortunately , my hopes were more or less dashed as i trundled my way through the 382 pages . kleopatra focuses on the famous queen 's early years - a period of time of which we have no record - and the intrigues that haunted and led to the demise of any semblance of a family ( something she may have compensated for in adulthood ) . what i liked : 1 ) . the spelling of kleopatra / cleopatra with a " k " - it really does emphasize that hellenistic connection ; 2 ) kleopatra 's strength of character - essex 's general characterization is appropriate and it 's easy to see what kleopatra will become . although the novel is a noble attempt by karen essex , it just did n't work for me . the character of berenike as an amazon seemed a bit far-fetched . and although i loved kleopatra 's love interest ( i wo n't give away his name ! ) , i felt it was a bit far-fetched as well , almost as if essex was pressured into a love story from the publisher or something . kleopatra 's dionysian rites were also a little hard to believe , as was mohama . there were also scenes of random sex that were a bit.. . unnecessary . overall , although kleopatra was a strong , believable character , she was in the minority . the novel as a sort of back-story to the queen of egypt did n't work as it was weighed down by the elements of fiction ! at least the sequel is better . for fiction that works , check out the memoirs of cleopatra by margaret george .
11832: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've found the recipes here generally simple and easy to make ahead . mrs. burros is very clear in her instructions ( although i had some problems with a chocolate roll ) and the taste combinations are very good . as this book is an update of her original there are a number of amusing asides on changes in food ingredients and cooking styles between the two editions . not quite a & quot ; must-have&quot ; but useful
11833: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i got a nikon laser rangefinder for chrisymas and it had an 8x magnification . i found this to be to powerful for golf.i could not hold it steady on the flag.the 6x magnification on the bushnell yardage pro scout was much better . also it is very compact and stores easily in my golf cart . the price from amazon was well below i could find anywhere else .
11837: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have one and panasonic does n't have driver or processing downloads for it or even respond to requests . the proprietary video format requires special handling in your pc and can leave you with a camera full of useless clips . are they abandoning this product ? look on the panasonic website and see for yourself
11839: real: pos ; predicted: neg
excellent book ! i would have liked to have seen the author delve into several more of the cadets ' lives , but what 's there is great
11840: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this mister is not for continuous use . had it for only 2 days and the bubbler weakened and barely gave out a mist . but good as a lighting decor and ambience .
11844: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i read the book and saw the movie , which other than title and major characters , have little in common . i ca n't say i really liked either . the book is a little funnier . my major learning from the whole project was when " who wants to be a millionaire " taught me about " roman a clefs " , of which " devil " is one . perhaps if i had more interest in the fashion industry , i 'd have been more fascinated by the inside look that " devil " provides . meryl streep is very good as the apparently soulless miranda priestly , editor-in-chief of runway magazine , but somehow she 's never quite devil enough . anne hathaway is passable in her second ( or third ) " made over princess " role . the minor characters , including the wonderful tracie thoms as " best friend " lily , are mostly wasted .
11845: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i suspect that the phrase mentioned in the title of my review ( which i saw in the description of the product ) was amazon 's idea since most ( if not all ) of the label information is easily found on nature made 's own website www.naturemade.com . there you will find that several of the components are synthetic ( not necessarily bad , but i like to know ) , and also that amazon is near the top in selling price of the 6 listed online retailers for this particular product . ai n't it just amazing what the web can teach you ? thanks amazon ! : )
11846: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a howard stern fanatic and a softball fanantic . i could n't go wrong with this movie , right ? wrong ! it is pretty bad . i was disappointed with artie 's project . gross jokes terrible acting . there are a couple of funny scenes . wait until it is on sale
11848: real: neg ; predicted: pos
alright , so her childhood was a bit different than your average white middle-income childhood . should this motivate anybody to write a completely non-imaginative , devoid of any insights book ? do n't be fooled by the exotic side of it . a poor writer can ruin a story , regardless of the exotic locale . if you were expecting to find an " international " jewel like jhumpa lahiri 's " the namesake " or zadie smith 's " on beauty " , you will be greatly disappointed . if you are into africa , read something that has more than the exotic place to say for itself . ben okri 's " the famished road " ( booker prize winner ) or the palm-wine drinkard and my life in the bush of ghosts ( paperback ) by amos tutuola will be much better choices .
11850: real: pos ; predicted: neg
hard to figure why sean stewart is n't one of the most beloved writers in america , given the virtuoso performance he 's demonstrated here and the remarkably sympathetic character he 's created in will kennedy . a combination horror / fantasy work which is as reminiscent of a confederacy of dunces as it is ghosts , by hynd , this novel is filled with so much warmth and life that it 's hard to remember that this actually is a story about a man who understands that the past , too , can be a ghost , and perhaps the worst kind . perfect circle is everything every other supposed 5-star horror novel featured on amazon is supposed to be : well-written , compelling , with rich , empathetic characters and a driving force and tension all its own . it 's a wonderful introduction to mr. stewart 's work
11851: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do n't waste your time and money on this product . i have gone thru 3 of these in the last 6 months , two in the last week . all of them have had defective switches . amazon should not sell this product the quality of the switches is unacceptably poor . 3 / 13 / 0
11852: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is tough because this camera takes beautiful pictures . and it takes wonderful video . the downloading is easy and in general it 's a " fine " camera . however... . the flash on it is nothing short of a nightmare . it 's constantly over exposing every subject . i find it practically un-usable . the only way i can get the image i 'm looking for in a lower light setting is to set the iso to 800. if it had a 1600 iso i would n't need the flash at all practically but it does n't offer that . the other thing i do n't like that i did n't realize i would n't like is that it does n't have it 's own cradle in which to charge the batteries . the batteries have to be removed and charged seperately . does n't sound like a big deal but it is a pain when you think about it . the batteries lose their charge even when the camera is n't on which results in picking up the camera after 2 days and realizing it has no juice . intensely dissatisfying . this camera also has a really long delay from pushing the button to taking the picture . this results in lots of closed eyes and stupid faces . i know that most digitals have a delay but this one is epic . i am getting ready to sell this camera and buy a canon . i am a wedding photographer and shoot mostly with my canon 5d . but since this was rated camera of the year by american photo ( a publication i trust implicitly ) , i decided to stray from my canon . bad idea . i 'm going right to a powershot . do not pass go . do not collect $200. i reccommend you do the same .
11854: real: pos ; predicted: neg
english humor is famous for it 's eccentricities but with the exception of selected monty python you need the english pedigree to really like it . the young ones pick up where monty left off . outrageous , yet real , there is a plot line but it does n't get in the way . it 's a shame there were n't more episodes made... .
11855: real: pos ; predicted: neg
we all have from time to time brought those heavy bottle of liquid detergent to the washing machine , and breaking our backs in the process . thankfully , all small & mighty might be a unique solution . it is a concentrated detergent that works with the capacity of a traditional 100 ounce bottle . i like it because it really does a great job at cleaning clothes that have n't been completely spotless from all those tough messes from other methods . i really think that everyone should own this product because it saves a lot of headaches , while being true to its price . that 's all ! price : b+ convience : a - overall : b+
11858: real: neg ; predicted: pos
she is a little poser ! ! ! kimi is the most gross and irritating of the babies . wearing that stupid little diaper , always so happy . she wo n't be so happy when i kick her between the legs . also , those stupid little cowboy boots . she really sucks . i 'd like to see her get really injurewd and cry . that shown her ! ! ! the movie was good , but she stinks
11860: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the concept is cute , although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them , but the main problem is that they give you hat hair , compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head . regular glasses go in between the hairs , so everything fluffs out . if you never take off your reading glasses , have a buzz cut , are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head ( but be careful of buns ) , the clic connect reader may be fine for you . otherwise , conventional glasses are a better bet
11866: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have an olympus fe 100 camera and the battery did not fit ! my niece has an olympus fe 140 camera and the battery did not fit in hers either ! the company does not accept returns on batteries that are opened so i was just out of luck
11869: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as much as i like most of the songs on this cd...it 's just too short . also the production is lousy . the recording quality sounds awful in places . hopefully , the updated compilations are better . this one is not worth the money ! ! !
11871: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i love everything about this camera but....the display is very touchy . i only owned the camera for 2 months and my display broke . i had it in a case and must have bumped it just right . my display shattered . mind you there is not a view finder so you can only guess what you are taking pictures of . this is not covered under your warranty . my camer has been in the repair shop for 3 weeks now and since the camera is so new there is no parts available yet . so i am sitting here with no camera , which is really bothersome since i love taking pictures . i figured i would spend more for a nice quality camera and have no worries but who knew this would happen ! so i highly recommend this camera but you must be very very careful with it !
11872: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was n't sure what to expect when i 1st tried this two-part microdermabrasion & peel kit . i use it twice a week , and what a difference it has made on my skin . the only thing is , i wish they made a bigger bottle of the peel . mariann
11876: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book sucked . all the other people in my book group and i hated this book . there is only a stupid plot about a pig running awa
11882: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my first monk album was monk 's dream from columbia . i loved that album 15 years ago and had been searching for the same satisfaction from the multitude of monk recordings from the blue note years , presitge , and riverside . what monk 's dream offered that the prior work lacked , was production . raw , edgy , spontaneous ...yes all those recordings offered that . but i longed for that sense of confidence , tightness and richness of sound monk 's deream provided . i found that in this set which makes sense since monk 's dream came out of these sessions at columbia . so what if these are reworks of the old stuff...they sound just as new and gripping & quot ; produced&quot ; as they did in their earlier days without big money helping out . will i throw out my older stuff and just play this ? no chance..there is a time for polish and a time for purity
11883: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw her perform most of these songs on austin city limits . i must admit i had n't paid much attention to her since her debut album , back when i was playing in country bands . much of this material is kinda introspective , but hey , on the plus side you get great vocals , well crafted songs , tons of sincerity and just flat out integrity from this great artist who does n't have to pretend she is anything she isn't . and these days , that is pretty refreshing ! i think i am becoming a fan
11884: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i recently decided to go through some of my old cds that i have n't listened toin ages . dj cheb i sabbah 's maha maya : shri durga remixed&quot ; was one of those cds that i came upon . this was my first exposure to indian music , let alone world music . i was n't really familiar with music outside of western culture . so this was a new experience for me . listening to & quot ; maha maya&quot ; shri durga remixed&quot ; certainly takes the listener on a trip to india with its traditional indian melodies . i envisioned myself in the taj mahal and watching a slew of belly dancers performing . the music took me awhile for the melodies to grow on me . it is certainly by no means your traditional dance remix album . i however dug transglobal underground 's version of & quot ; kese kese&quot ; ( where 's the sarangi mix&quot ; right from the get go . it has a nice beat . dj cheb i sabbah did a good job at mixing and making sure that the music flowed well together . i am definitely curious to hear dj cheb 's other cds now that i have re-discovered this little gem of a cd
11892: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this ia a top rated anti virus softare.the price is good and the software is great
11893: real: pos ; predicted: neg
afi finally release a live dvd , and as a portrayal of the band as it stands now , it is very impressive . it does lack older , more hardcore punk tracks , but that is to be expected as the band grows and matures into the band it is now . each album progresses towards more epic scales , and songs balance beauty with power . " i heard a voice " captures this on film , and the fan gets to witness afi at their most grandiose . watching vocalist davey havok sing " god called in sick today " while being held up by the audience is amazing to watch and gives this reviewer chills everytime . the masterful command of theatrics from each member , especially havok , creates a powerful feeling unable to fully describe but easy to appreciate . the setlist itself is perfectly put together , with the only gripe being the exclusion of " kiss and control . " the rest of the songs display all facets of afi , from the fast paced " dancing through sunday " , ( which includes a nicely executed guitar solo by guitarist jade puget ) " kill caustic " , " death of seasons " , " totalimmortal " and " a single second " , ( the last of which features a guest appearance by nick 13 of tiger army ) to the slower paced " this time imperfect " and " endlessly , she said " as well as all of their recent singles , and a few more cuts from their latest releases " decemberunderground " and " sing the sorrow " . extras are geared towards the fans , with despair faction interviews and the inclusion of videos from their massive scavenger hunt prior to the decemberunderground release , as well as a poster . each band member has their moments to shine , and are all very capable and talented muscians . bassist hunter burgan and drummer adam carson lay down a solid foundation as well as background vocals , as puget layers his unique guitar sound and obvious mastery , in this genre , over the instrument . this is all built up to allow havok to use his unique vocal approach to wander in between melodies and notes , mixing powerful singing with a fantastic screaming voice , to create beautiful atmospheres of sound that can crash down on you just as easily as it hypnotizes you . the quality of the sound production as well as the video edits are fantastic . unlike other live dvd 's , where the concert is edited to the point of a music video , " i heard a voice " has just the right amount to not make you forget you are watching a live dvd , but also add to the overall effect of the performance . the sound is very clear , and the sound levels are perfectly set to allow each member to cut through the mix . this is overall a very stellar production , and fans who have already embraced the new direction of the band , as well as new fans and casual fans , should find the dvd to be quite entertaining and a very worthwhile buy
11896: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this was a hot mess , it was so boring i could n't even finish the book , i passed it on to my cusion , and she said the same thing , i just gave the book away . my hopes were all high from flyy gryl , but thats the only good book that omar written . i was so upset by this that i actually wanted to write omar tyree myself and ask him what the hell was going on . i mean when you write a bad book chances are that no one is going to want to read the next book . i hate reading a bad book because i feel it is just a waist of my time , and i could 've done somthing better . omar , you owe my 4 hours of a good book
11897: real: neg ; predicted: pos
item never came . however in their defense refund was promptly given out . i only wish that i had a chance to receive this one
11898: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i recently purchased the obus forme lowback backrest , along with the seat cushion . although i have heard people rave about the excellent support , and they felt comfortable enough to me , i ca n't give them more than 2 stars . the material used in their construction drove me to distraction . this is obviously a personal preference type of thing . other folks may have no issues with the material at all . these are just my feelings on the matter : i found the texture of the fabric to be a little rough and it did n't allow easy movement when sitting on / leaning against it , which would drive me crazy after just a few hours at work . also , when making any movements , the compression of the foam , and the friction between it and the fabric covering , made really annoying noises . it reminded me somewhat of snow compressing down when walking on it . the backrest was even worse than the seat cushion because it had a thin plastic wrapping ( looked sort of like shrink wrap or saran wrap ) around the foam inside , which made loud crinkling noises every time i even twitched . it was awful ! however good the science behind the backrest and cushion is , the sound effects and unpleasant texture were distracting enough , to me at least , to return both items .
11899: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was requested to write a review by amazon . i felt this request was premature since i used this product only for a month . so far i am quite satisfied with the user friendlyness , price , and ability to use and clean the shaver in wet environment .
11900: real: neg ; predicted: pos
before you donate your hard-earned money yet again to bill gates ' ' feed the multi-billionaire fund ' , do yourself and the world a favor and search for ' star office 8 ' on amazon and read the reviews there . i use ms office professional 2003 in the office , and just cannot believe how badly so many businesses and individuals are being ripped off by microsoft for this bloat-ware . star office 8 is under $50 from amazon and is fully compatible with microsoft office , and includes full functionalities of ms word , excel , powerpoint , visio , and access . let me know what ms software i can buy under $100 , let alone $50. hopefully , this is the beginning of the end of the microsoft monopoly , and the dawning of the era of sanity in computer software
11905: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you think you 'd find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting , then you 'll enjoy this book .
11906: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am absolutely furious about this book . i quit reading about half-way through . i read it through the section about it 's a wonderful life ( chapter 13 ) . in that chapter , i found three mistakes - not minor details , but major , provable points , including misquoting zuzu and misquoting the inscription in the book in the last scene - within four paragraphs . if eliot 's work is that shoddy in four paragraphs , how can i trust the rest of the information in the book ? avoid this at all costs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
11910: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the story here dose n't matter . the main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending . scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and murphy is blessed with a reprieve but rourke pays the full price for his evil concoction , meth . quirky directing and film editing can be somewhat distracting but not meaningless . roberts is so gay you want to smack his face . he an rourke have history on film and play out their familiarity . rourke is phenomonal again as an immoral genius , a role he plays better than anyone today in film . br
11911: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i liked everything about this product except it is a little too slow at times . i always shoot with nikon raw format . it has hung a couple of times and i had to kill it after waiting for 10-15 minutes .
11912: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this flash is the perfect back-up for a studio , or main / flash fill for an amateur studio . i use several w / slaves and lines and the images rival set-ups that cost thousands of dollars . i like that they are light and easy to pack and transport . they are reasonably priced . they have been around for a long time and do not have bells and whistles . the sunpak has auto / f-stop and manual . if you are a real photographer , you will know how to use them . the down side is that if your sunpak is plugged into a wall , it takes far too long to recharge ( sometimes 3-5 seconds ) . rechargeable batteries seem to work the best with 1-3 second recharge times between flashes .
11914: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell - - what are these " packaging engineers " thinking ? it took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it , and then i took the scissors to it , and the hard packaging almost broke them ! but i was thrilled . a handsome object , thought i , and i loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open . so much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband . i yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed . but , alas , it would not follow instructions as they were written . " press and hold the set button . hour display blinking . " ( could they not have said , " the hour display will blink " ? i pressed . " press memory button to adjust the hour . " i did . the memory button never did a thing . so i asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either . we both tried several combinations of maneuvers , but nothing worked . to this moment , the hour display is blinking , blinking , blinking . i 'd like to get my money back , but ya know what ? j & r music & computer world in ny demand such a rigamarole to send it back , including with all the original packaging ( i threw the op in the trash ) , that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions , which , of course , are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves . now i 'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash , while i will make sure i never order from j&r again .
