---------------
Evaluation
---------------
9533: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the series just keeps on getting better . the bob newhart show was one of the best comedies ever on television . the other funny show was " newhart " , which i cannot understand why it has not been released on dvd . the whole cast just clicks . i wish shows like this were still on television . if you enjoy a good laugh then buy this and the other sets !
9534: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this apple humidifier in early november . it stopped working soon at the first time i used it . i later found out that there was no water exchange unless you shake it or move it so that it might continue to work for a while and then stopped again . you have to repeat the above steps in order to keep it working . i contacted the manufacturer and got replacement . however , the new one has the same problem , and what 's worse , it leaks ! ! i talked to the manufacturer again , but they did n't think there should be such problem and refused to do anything else . now i have to keep this defected machine and have no idea what to do
9536: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is one of the better historical dramas from the 1970s . many are stagey and slow , and while this production of madame bovary is very much constrained to stay indoors , this works to advantage for this story of a woman who feels so trapped by her life and her world . emma bovary is not a very sympathetic creature . she is married to a man who loves her with all his heart , who tries to give her everything she wants , is willing to ruin himself to make her happy , and she still cheats on him and remains miserable . in short , she is selfish and inconsiderate , as ugly inside as she is pretty on the outside . francesca annis plays emma . she is indeed very beautiful . as an actress she often comes across as bright and hard , flirty and flighty , but cold and self satisfied . these qualities , of course , are perfect for this character . here she seems to be more in love with the idea of being in love than actually loving . almost anything to break up the dismal tedium of her life and her disgust with everyone and everything in it . it is very hard for a modern audience to feel sorry for her . her daily trial does not include housework or drudgery , she has maids for that . she is bored because she is useless , she is useless because she is too lazy to seek something meaningful to do ; she wants life to be a party , and resents it when it is not . tom conti plays her devoted husband , who is completely devoid of ambition , in work or society . as an actor , conti often seems to have just woken from a nap , and this dampness is just right for dr. bovary . he too is very lazy in his way , but his seems to stem from ignorance . when contrasted with emma 's willfulness , her husband seems the infinitely better of the two . conti is really fine here as a man completely out of his depth with this racehorse of a wife . in much the same way , while annis is briskly carrying every scene , conti just quietly steals every one of them . a perfect pairing for these roles . all the actors here are top notch , and the casting a bit off beat , which adds to the interest . the costumes , especially emmas , are a luxurious parade of overindulgence . absolutely beautiful . while we as an audience enjoy the parade of finery , we can also see how this wardrobe would drive even the richest man into the poorhouse . the production is topped off with a novel and lovely score of predominantly piano compositions ; pretty and liltling , but melancholy and dissonant . do n't let this one get lost in the shuffle , it is worth seeing .
9545: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this program does not allow you to switch to elevation and view or alter framing details . i 'm only using it for a simple garage and i expected to be able to generate simple working plans with basic demensions . not so . you might as well pick up a copy of the sims so you could at least have some fun with it . if you want to get rough ideas this might be for you but if you actually want to work from it , forget it . very disappointing waste of money
9546: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was able to scout out the different case options for my sony dsc-n1. after much review , i asked my wife for her opinion and she picked the lcs-nb . it holds the camera nice and snug but you could work in a memory stick or battery . so far , so good
9548: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the living in oblivion series of cd compilations does something that many similar compilations do not do : they give us some great variety of " hits " . there is no doubt that " mickey " by toni basil was a huge hit . there 's also no doubt that " our lips are sealed " was a break out hit for the go go 's , but the funboy three version wasn't . but what about " living in a box " ? it only hit the billboard top 100 at #89 in 1987. so why is it here ? why are a large number of these songs ? they 're not top 10 hits , right ? wrong ! i 'm sick to death of so many compilations relying on top 40 hits from the 80's . the u.s. music tastes are typically very different from those of europe . just because a song does n't make the u.s. billboard top 40 does n't mean that it is n't a hit in other countries . and although i 'm an american , my music tastes have always run more in line with those of europe . i 'm delighted that the living in oblivion series ( and the pop and wave series ) have incorporated a variety of hits from the u.s. and europe . i also like that some of the more obscure groups and their songs are available on these compilations . there are several songs on these albums that never were released on cd ( as they had n't come into being at the time of the groups ' albums initial releases ) , so albums such as these are the only place where you can find these hits . the boys do n't cry song " i wanna be a cowboy " hit the billboard charts at #12 in 1986 , but the group disappeared soon thereafter . then all of a sudden a dance version of that same song came out in the early 2000 's and rocketed up the dance charts . do n't be misled , the living in oblivion series is one of the absolutely best series for a variety of music from the 80's . if you want to hear run of the mill , top 40 only hits from the 80 's , well , then you 'll just have to look elsewhere . also , the liner notes and pictures of the groups included in the jewel box are really clever . you get to find out what the chart position was for the songs in the compilation and see what the groups looked like at the time of the song 's release . my only issue with these liner notes is that the author of them seems to be disparaging the very music which these albums are espousing . apparently many believe that the music from the 80 's was vacuous and devoid of emotion . one need only listen to the song " the promise " by the group " when in rome " ( living in oblivion volume 5 ) to know that such a statement is false . while that group only had this one hit and then faded into obscurity , " the promise " made the billboard top 100 at #11 and the billboard dance chart at #1. anyway.. . i ca n't recommend this album and its entire series any more ! it 's simply awesome ! before believing those who would disparage this series of albums , please check the billboard charts and you 'll see that these songs were in fact hits . get it
9550: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought one and it worked great . at first it 's hard to manuever because it 's really hot , and the barrel 's bristles are kinda rough and pull your hair a lot , but once you get used to it , it does a stellar job of straightening your hair . around 6 months into using the straightner , the machine slowly overheated and died . thinking i had a faulty model , i went out and bought a new one . guess what ? a few months into that one , it ended the same way . so basically , not worth it .
9551: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is my first digital picture frame , so i do not have anything to compare it against . i am generally very happy with this product - it is very easy to use , and i am happy with the resolution and the picture quality . the only downside to this frame is that the instruction manual is not helpful at all , and as one other reviewer noted , i had to learn how to do things by trial and error . i also do not like that when you make changes to the layout - rotating or deleting images , it is not " saved " to the memory card and so you need to make the changes each time . however , i like this product enough to buy more of these for the grandparents this next christmas
9552: real: pos ; predicted: neg
sandra bullock gives an outstanding and believable performance in the role of angela bennett . in this film she plays the part of a solitary and lonely computer expert . an online hacker friend calls to tell her he 's found an amazing disk and is sending it to her to check out . unfortunately , he 's killed in a plane crash before he can visit her . the disk turns out to have secret government information and is wanted by a terrorist group who plan the downfall of the u.s. government . angela bennett recognizes that the disk is something special and before she really realizes what she has , she finds that she 's being stalked . what happens next is everyone 's worst nightmare . through the miracle of computers , the evil group steal angela 's identify and there are few people to vouch for her . the story quickly turns into a cyber thriller . she tries to get help , but she appears to have no friends and does n't even know her own neighbors . her mother ( diane baker ) is in an institution and is apparently suffering from alzheimer's . her former boyfriend , played by dennis miller does try to help her , but the forces of evil are difficult to hide from . jeremy northam delivers a spine tingling performance as the charming and mysterious jack devlin . a man you really want to trust , but should you ?
9558: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as china re-emerges as a dominant power in the 21st century , much will hinge on the beliefs of the people in that country when it comes to the actions it takes and tolerates around the world . oddly , the fascism of the communist regime remains largely in place in the era following mao 's disastrous reign , even as capitalism and other western ideals spread like wildfire through this huge , heavily-populated , and ( from a western perspective ) oftentimes strange land . aikman does an excellent job of covering the basic bullet points of the history of christianity in china , as well as introducing readers to the many chinese christians who have led or continue to lead the church in their country . on a recent trip to china , i was highly impressed by the deep generosity , humility , resourcefulness , strength , perseverance , and kindness exhibited by chinese of all ages . this spirit hums just below the surface in the stories aikman tells of the christian chinese and their faith . this spirit is also , i believe , one of the major reasons why the life and teachings of jesus seem to so easily take root in the hearts of so many chinese . also , those who are concerned that a " christian china " would somehow gut the land of its culture and heritage while propping up a westernized facsimile in its place should rest easy . it seems that the faith is spreading through this nation in a very distinctly chinese way
9561: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm still learning to use this camera and all the features . so far it is amazing . i 've been taking pictures of the kids and it looks like a pro did the shots . i use the auto mode a lot and it works great . the zoom is amazing . i love that it tells me when i am focused . also it has great battery life . i 'm very happy with this camera
9563: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i recently had a baby boy , and felt a & quot ; little&quot ; out of shape after having him ( ha ! ) i did a search on amazon and found this video . i got it in 3 days , and began right away . my son works out with me every day , and i could n't be happier ! we both have fun doing the exercises which work my whole body , and i use him for the weights ! i am also learning about my baby 's development from the video . it 's educational and rewarding . thanks mbbb
9567: real: pos ; predicted: neg
yes it is a very fine lens . is and 105 mm long end are also appealing but after buying this i decided to sell it in favour of my ef 24-70 2.8l after 2 weeks of usage . f4 makes clearly the autofocus slower and fuzzier . bokeh is also worse than the other one . the viewfinder gets darker in 1.6 crop bodies . 105 mm does make a very little difference in image size . plus the macro option is weaker on this one . if you do n't care about the weight go with the ef 24-70 2.8l imho .
9570: real: neg ; predicted: pos
released by atlantic five years after it appeared in australia , presumably to meet high demand for ac / dc 's music , this international version of " dirty deeds done dirt cheap " is a farce . once again , somebody had the rather strange ideas of altering the song sequence , and replacing both " r.i.p. ( rock in peace ) " and " jailbreak " , two of the strongest numbers in the album 's aussie version , with t.n.t. 's " rocker " and " love at first feel " , an ok , if not spectacular song . ah , and " problem child " , already featured in atlantic 's version of " let there be rock " , is also included in here . the same song in two different " official albums " . marvelous ! . oh yeah , and somebody hired hipgnosis in order to re-design the front and back covers . that was a cute detail , but the aussie version 's covers ( classic mid 70 's cartoonish artwork ) are far more appealing . who 's to blame for this rip off ? . somebody at atlantic records ? . some members of ac / dc ? . maybe both ? . who cares anyway ? . once again , now that i 've got used to the aussie album , listening back to this " product " feels worse than a hangover from consuming adulterated , low quality spirits . every enthusiastic record collector knows that both warner music and sony music are serious labels that took , and still take risks , by signing up cutting edge artists and by respecting their will . so , it seems that , with their approval of this re-issue , the surviving members of ac / dc are the ones to blame for this farce to go on , and on , and on ... if this is so ... well ... guys , we , the fans made you filthy rich . we deserve the " real deal " , available worldwide , at a " reasonable price " . i only give this " product " a 2 star rating , just because " love at first feel " remains unreleased in australia . how unusual ! . a final word about this re-issue : i do n't own it . in the words of pete townshend , i " wo n't get fooled again " . in order to get bonus material , you must go through an irritatingly cumbersome internet gimmick . if bon scott ( undisputedly the band 's most uncompromising member ever ) , was still alive , i believe things would be different . by the way , if you are interested in the real stuff , please be so kind as to read my review of " dirty deeds done dirt cheap " ( import ) . other items to be avoided : the skimpy " retrospective " ep " ' 74 jaibreak " , and " bonfire " , a rather steep box set in which at least 6 songs are repeated twice , in different versions . none of these titles include all the songs left out by the adulteration of ac / dc 's first four aussie albums
9572: real: neg ; predicted: pos
for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his / her dirty secrets covered up . i feel that it 's the most insulting film to be released . it hides the fact that we as citizens , and our government do n't really care about who we stick in office . if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up . i ca n't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time , and believe me i do n't feel it 's right to air it all over the news either . i feel that it comes down to the man , and if he does have the values his / her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing , and own up to his / her mistake . this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it 's alright to cover things up , and there are no absolutes , or rights or wrongs . wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who 's rich ? do we wait until then to change the moral ? that 's pathetic , and so is this movie
9573: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm a huge fan of the pria line , but these are not like the others - they are heavier and a little grainy . i do n't hate them , but will not buy them again . the flavor is pretty good though , just not what i was expecting . i highly recommend the pria 110 calorie line - the vanilla is my favorite but the peanut butter and others are close behind . thank
9574: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have found another product that i want to recommend . it 's called alert and is sold by consultants like avon , but you can also go the starlight website and order it . it 's a nutritional supplement and for me does provide energy without the jitters , and as a bonus i do n't feel hungry when i 'm using it . they also have a product specifically for weight loss . i have tried that as well . i did feel a bit jittery at first.. . but it settled after a week or so of taking it . i would recommend it also . i used it a few years ago and lost 35 lbs . i did consistent diet and exercise which obviously is what did the weight loss , but i credit the supplement with giving me the energy to get moving and helping me curb cravings . i 'm now looking for energy and help maintaining that weightless so for me the alert does both of what i need ... energy and hunger control and it 's less expensive than the weight loss supplement so i now use it . i 've used this for years and have not had any problems .
9582: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as if this set could be anything but five stars ! ! ! barbra streisand - four of her films on their dvd debut - her own commentary - oy vey ! order it now and plan a vacation day for the day after you get delivery
9583: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this books starts with such promise but i find it hard to believe that the people who wrote the glowing reviews were actually able to slog through it ! minutiae-fest
9584: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my son is absolutely loves this dvd / games . i have to turn off the main switch to the computer in order to keep him off of it and play with his sister . he learned so much since i got this learning system and i am totally extati
9586: real: neg ; predicted: pos
despite all reviews posted here in this page are given 5-stars to this release , i need to be honest and explain why i am giving just one poor star . no , i am not crazy . let me explain my point-of-view , and after that you can decide if this jh album really deserves more stars . just to start , this album does not have a spinal-column that could guide the band ( ? ) or the musicians thru a solid path . there are tracks played by a duo , trio , 4tt , and sometimes a very loose quintet , and each of these tracks have a different mood , without any presence of a jazz soul , or even a real smell of jazz . maybe the intention of recording these tunes was to make a homage / tribute to mr strayhorn , or maybe a recognition for mr henderson value in the 20th century jazz history as one of the most important hard-boppers ever . but the result was very poor . if you really love joe henderson ( as i appreciate ) , try any of his albums from the 60 's ( as a band-leader or as a sideman ) , mainly those from the blue note era . in time : i gave one star , in memory of his brilliant carreer . this particular album deserve zero-star .
9591: real: neg ; predicted: pos
like most people i got this camera because it is quite compact for the quality of the image . i 've been pleased with the image quality when it works , but from the start it 's felt flimsy and felt like it would die with any rough treatment . sure enough : * the shutter cover has often stuck open or shut . * sometimes it refuses to start at all . * it sometimes powers on as you 're putting it into your pocket , which opens the barrel which has got to damage the camera . * finally , the lcd stopped working altogether . this is after 8 months . casio has decided i 'm not under warranty ( no explanation as to why , no phone number to argue with them ) , and is charging me $97 to repair it . do n't be seduced ! it 's a poor quality product
9592: real: neg ; predicted: pos
updike failed to hold my attention throughout the story both because of its utter lack of suspense in any dimension and the inconsistencies in his character development . as other have stated , you know from page one that the final page will involve an arab , a truck and a bomb . the lack of anticpation must therefore be compensated for by something else - perhaps excellent writing , interesting character development or original insights . updike fails to deliver on all three counts . one particularly slipshod literary technique updike uses is the phrasing he gives the title character ahmad . when ahmad speaks , it is in the voice of an intelligent , thoughtful foreigner . his phrasing captures very well the cadence , vocabulary and grammar of a well spoken non-native speaker of english . curiously , ahmad is an american , raised in new jersey by a thoroughly american mother . so , what influences created this stilted phrasing ? updike is trying to somehow comvince us that a jersey teenager speaks like a pakistani or egyptian immigrant . there is no need for the technique and its inconsistency with the character 's life is grating . updike also relies heavily on ethnic / religious stereotypes . sterotypes often have some basis in fact but generally make for uninteresting literature . however , in updike 's case , the stereotypes make little sense at all . for instance , a high school counselor 's entire personality is attributed to his " jewishness " both by himself and by others who opine on his personality . this is particularly curious given that the man was not raised as a jew and , in fact , his family had rather adamently turned away from the religion two generations earlier . so where does all the jewsih influence come from ? likewise , ahmad 's mother 's personality is often linked to her irish heritage . yet there is no evidence whatsoever that her irish background ( which could have been many generations ago ) has influenced her one bit . the reader is left once again to wonder what motivates the stereotype - other than simply poor writing and careless character development . another out of place literay technique involves the inclusion of fairly lengthy passages from the korna in arabic . obviously , few western readers will understand arabic and it seems meerely pretensious for updike to include the original language rather than paraphrasing or translating the passages . what comes across is an attempt by the autohr to show he has done his research . if that is truly the point then the reader must wonder why the passages are reproduced in western script rather than arabic script . after all , the koran is not written with western phonetics in mind . ultimately , the book leaves one wondering why such a lightweight , poorly constructed piece was released by such a skilled author
9594: real: neg ; predicted: pos
one thing you will find reading through many reviews is a dissatisfaction with the state filings . this is my own experience and this may be the last year i use taxcut because of it . first of all , it would not allow me to e-file my state return but did n't explain why . i later discovered that for most states you apparently ca n't e-file a partial year return . then when printing out the state return it told me i had to also include a form that was mentioned nowhere else in the program . i later found out that taxcut does not support all state tax forms ! i then had to get that form and fill it in manually , and then discovered i owed less than before because taxcut had incorrectly calculated my capital gains . and there was nothing on the missing state form that could not have been completed with data the program already had . taxcut also advised me i could save $1000 off my fed bill by contributing to an ira . so i opened and ira and contributed $4000. when i went back to taxcut and entered the details it told me i was n't eligible for any tax deduction . i was ready to be tied up ! this software is seriously dysfunctional . i 'm guessing by this stage you get the idea . bottom line : i will be looking elsewhere to complete my tax returns next year . oh , by the way , if like me you were unable to efile and you paid for the efile option , you can get a credit from h&r by calling 1-888-4taxcut option 2 , 2 , 0
9596: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after carefully researching as many rain recordings as possible on amazon and reading all reviews i had hoped i had made a good choice with this cd . unfortunately i discovered that not only is the recording looped about every 60 seconds but there is an unmistakable low frequency rumble that is very apparent listening though my 5.1 system and my bose tri-port headphones . as a recording engineer i recognize this to most likely be a truck or car passing by and passing the sound up through the microphone stands that were obviously not de-coupled from the ground . the bottom line is i hear this rumble each and everytime i start to relax and it renders the cd completely useless to me . the recording is otherwise a good one and the stereo image presented seems authentic . since nobody else has complained of this rumble , i will assume that it will only bother someone with a trained ear
9599: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm not sure what to call this cd other than genius . this was the first cd i 've heard from sonata arctica and it 's still my favorite . i 'm not really really big on power metal / epic metal , but i defintely enjoy sa and kamelot . with that said , i think this cd can even entertain those not interested in power metal . my friend enjors radio rock and rap , but after hearing me play this cd where we work , he begged me to make him a copy . towards the actual cd , i 'm not quite sure i can put what 's in it into words . songs like silver tongue and broken have a very distinct , unique sound . the ballads , draw me and the misery are both superb efforts , each making the listener feel tony kakko 's pain . my favorite song would have to be a dead heat between the misery and gravenimage . the keyboardist in this band works in overdrive in each song . he plays fast , and keeps the melody in each beautiful and interesting ( and lighthearted at times ) . the guitarist plays very fast when he needs to , and the right power chords other times . he 's quite good . overall , the sound they eminate is as uplifting as it is rocking . they do a great job . the lyrics seem much better than older releases ( english lessons ? ) but still can be a bit odd . " ...with long haired drummer in band " springs to mind . still at least they write about mundane things.. . i love kamelot , but the knight in shining armor routine will get old eventually . anyway , the vocals are very well done , he obviously quite talented and the band harmonizes quite well , too . ( they 'd make queen jealous ! ) overall , i ca n't praise this cd enough . every song is an adventure , none of them a tedious or unnecessary one at that . i would say that anyone could enjoy this cd , but i 'd first recommend it to those who are tired of the american screamfest metal that 's going on today . then i 'd recommend it to power metal fans , and so on . simply put , this is one of the best cds i own . give it a chance
9600: real: neg ; predicted: pos
here 's a real-review : *the first 100 pages are about how her mother made her get a nose job that when wrong . *the second 100 pages are about the frankenstein movie . *the last 90 pages are about every movie-star that 's ever gotten cosmetic surgery . and the whole thing is stitched together with an english teacher 's weekend theory on how a mix of " simulations and simulacra " + " the ego and the id " explain why people get cosmetic surgery . if you 're someone who orders books online based on catchy titles , then do yourself a favor and skip this one . how can a book on cosmetic surgery not even talk about the golden ratio ?
9602: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ordered this item on sept 28. they were supposed to ship it within 1 week . after 1 week i received an email , they said they needed 2 more weeks . another email today ( nov 7 ) , they think they can deliver it by november 27. that 's 2 months after i placed my order . at this point , i am not even sure if they can delivered this item by the end of the year . fortunately with amazon , they do not process the payment unless the items are shipped and they give you the option to cancel the order , which is what i am going to do right now
9607: real: neg ; predicted: pos
like most people i got this camera because it is quite compact for the quality of the image . i 've been pleased with the image quality when it works , but from the start it 's felt flimsy and felt like it would die with any rough treatment . sure enough : * the shutter cover has often stuck open or shut . * sometimes it refuses to start at all . * it sometimes powers on as you 're putting it into your pocket , which opens the barrel which has got to damage the camera . * finally , the lcd stopped working altogether . this is after 8 months . casio has decided i 'm not under warranty ( no explanation as to why , no phone number to argue with them ) , and is charging me $97 to repair it . do n't be seduced ! it 's a poor quality product
9611: real: pos ; predicted: neg
oh yeah a season set ? ? yes but why not all 26 episodes ? but oh well at least we got it i have no complaints about a season set...bring on seasons 1 , 2 and 3 ! ! !
9612: real: neg ; predicted: pos
git-r-done is a nonstop display of a brilliant comedic genius known as larry the cable guy . larry never ceases to pull off witty punchlines that at first go over your head , but end up doubling you over with laughter . his preformance will definitely torque your brain , so be prepared . there are a couple instances where larry goes a little too far and really flexes his mental might leaving you feeling fragile and insecure . one such occurance is his bit about grandma farting like a machine gun . i was left very confused and uncertain of myself until it dawned on me that larry was just messing with me because we all know girls do n't fart , they do n't even have buttholes . he then tries to pull a fast one when he proclaims he never works out ever . unless you are an idiot , you know you ca n't look like him without a strict training regiment , nice try larry . he finally sounds off with an insightful and powerful anti-hillary clinton piece . this was the icing on the cake for me because when i think of intelligent political commentary , i think larry the cable guy ! ! ! !
9613: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this movie was awfull . supertroopers was awsome and beerfest was even better , so i suppose they can be forgiven for this cinematic abortion
9618: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw transamerica months ago and i still think about it . there are many reasons , most obviously felicity huffman 's portrayal of bree , a man determined to become a woman , trying to close the door on his past , just as it unexpectedly reopens to disclose an heretofore unknown and decidedly lost child . but transamerica also brings a funny , poignant , and at times visually beautiful road trip across the united states , in an old car that you wonder how it could make 50 miles , let alone 3000. it brings unexpected and uncertain romance . it brings out humanity in all its characters ( save one minor one ) , including bree 's bitter mother . finally , it - - plot spoiler here - - concludes with tentative reconciliation , acceptance , and an uncertain but potentially hopeful future . transamerica is not loud , not big budget , not spectacular , but there are few movies near as good as it .
9619: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i disagree with several of the reviews here which cite several specific points of contention as making the book entirely worthless . i think it easily earns 4.5 - 5 stars . it is over a decade old now , and i do n't think it is intended as a source for scholars of english . but , for the amateur linguist and even the wannabe linguist it is a great read . i ca n't compete with some of the above reviewer 's scholarly points , but i do n't think replacing some of bryson 's dogma with their own is worthwhile . mother tongue is a great starting point and very educational . " bryson 's dictionary of troublesome words " is also a great introduction and gets 5 stars from me .
9620: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw this thai horror film about 3 years ago . i have to say this is the best supernatural thriller made from thailand , and i have seen a fair share of them ( nang nak , the sisters , mae nak , art of the devil series ) . the film focuses on tun and his girlfriend jane . tun , a photographer reunites with his old friends . on the way home , they accidentally hit a girl with their car and from then on , tun sees ghostly apparitions whenever he takes pictures or whenever he tries to develop them . ok , i am not spoiling anything , the story is more complex than it sounds . tun and his friends have a past that catches up to them , with jane caught in the middle . as usual , there is a vengeful spirit going around killing people . " shutter " refers to his camera and what it represents . " sometimes the dead cannot let go of their loved ones. . " i 'm stopping here , i do n't want to give out anymore . the plot is not that complex , but believe me when i say , the film is well-made . it does a great job of putting things together , each shocking scene is linked to the past and the present . i did n't see any scene wasted and it has that very atmospheric , creepy feel to it . also , there is a scene in the movie that tun and jane looked at actual photos of ghostly apparitions in a polaroid . honestly , this film has some great scenes that can make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end the very first time you watch it and the " shock ending " has the greatest twist of any horror flick i 've seen ! i 've seen a lot of horror films , only the exorcist and the omen ever scared / creeped me out , and shutter came very close . my female friends were scared out of their wits when they saw it at my place . since i have n't seen the tartan release and i only own the region-3 dts-es rlease from panmedia ( hong kong ) but tartan usually uses the same transfers from either the hong kong or korean versions . the video is sufficient , with some dark and bright contrast . it is not free of grain but it does add to the atmospheric feel . the dts soundtrack is great though , very crisp and loud . the english subtitles are excellent , the thai language track is the only way to watch as it was meant to be seen . a definite must-see if you are a fan of asian horror or horror films in general . it rivals ringu , one missed call and the original ju-on 1 and 2. four and 1 / 2 stars !
9623: real: pos ; predicted: neg
gerry beckley is " timeless " . his new cd is awesome and seems to go back to his roots . his songs over the years last lifetimes and bring back amazing memories.this new cd just proves he hasnt lost his touch . anyone who does not agree , doesnt know the real gerry . i have had the privilege to meet him and talk with him many times , including being able to celebrate new years eve with them after a concert with the rest of america and their families.he is one of the nicest people i have ever met , and his songs have always been a part of my life . i hope there are still many more cd 's still to come and look forward to seeing him again in the near future in concert and afterwards
9626: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as gifted a story teller as he is a veterinarian , james herriot has the rare ability to bring out every emotion known to the human race with a single magical flick of his pen . every living thing is without a doubt one of the crowning achievements of a master , and is possessed by a single , true trait that is difficult to find in many commercial books - every single tale is told straight from the heart . you will never fail to laugh at the hilarious tales and cry at the most poignant moments . if you 're an animal lover , or even just have a passing interest in animals , this is a book you will hold on to and re-read until the end of your days . kudos , james herriot , you are very much missed
9629: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the cd came as promised and in the condition promised . i 'm very satisfied
9630: real: neg ; predicted: pos
certainly this album offers very little to a fan of the ocean blue 's eariler work . the vocals and guitars sound quite different ( gone is that beautiful dreamy sound ) . and what about those awesome saxaphone and keyboard sounds that made their earlier tracks so fun ? just because steve lau is gay is no reason for the band to abandon keyboards altogether . so , anyway , what does this album offer instead ? harder sounding guitar , angrier sounding vocals , and songs that are somewhat intersting , but are lacking in any magic that would make you want to listen to them after you 've had the cd for a couple weeks . exceptions : & quot ; whenever you 're around&quot ; , and & quot ; slide&quot ; are good enough songs to standout inspite of boring production
9633: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i want the two hours of my life back ! after all the talk about what a cult classic this film is ! what a waste of time ! maybe this movie was a novelty to american moviegoers in 1973. that time is past ( even then , the " robots attack people " concept was hardly new ) . now this is just a boring b movie with bad acting and anticlimactic action . this film is only good for academic or nostalgic purposes . unless you are doing a research paper on american sci-fi cinema , or you are in your 40s and enjoyed this movie as a kid , or you just like boring anticlimactic b movies , avoid this dull piece of drivel . i feel cheated !
9636: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i looked through this book at a craft store the other day , and as a person who loves the ocean and seashells , i found maybe one project in here that i would consider making . just about every project uses a ridiculous amount of shells so imagine the cost would be prohibitive and for this reason projects look overly ornate . unless that is the look you are seeking to accomplish , i would n't recommend this book . try to find " decorating with seashells " by anita louise cran
9637: real: neg ; predicted: pos
synopsis ( including ending ) : don ameche ( gino ) , a chicago shoe shine man , is approached by the mafia to go to jail for " 3 to 5 years " to take the place of their mafia boss accused of murder because he bears a striking resemblance to him . they 'll pay him yearly and satisfy his lifelong dream of fishing on a boat . joe mantegna ( jerry ) takes don ameche ( gino ) on a 3 day vacation to satisfy his every wish before he 's incarcerated . joe mantegna is on probation from the mob , after disobeying orders from a previous job . joe mantegna goes " outside channels " to take don ameche ( gino ) to lake tahoe to the " galaxy " hotel where they stay , wine and dine , and try to have a good time . things turn difficult when a local real mafia boss brings don ameche ( gino ) to his house as a guest and they form a bond . the real mafia boss has a gathering of crime bosses planned and don ameche and joe mantegna are caught in the middle . they escape the gathering and on the day don ameche is brought back to chicago , joe mantegna is ordered to kill don ameche and make it look like a suicide . " it 's cleaner this way.. . " , he 's told . joe mantegna refuses the order , and the film ends with a mafia employee testifying in court and getting sentenced to jail for 20 years to life . the good : joe mantegna is an underrated actor generally and it was nice to see a familiar face in the real mafia boss in lake tahoe . other than that , there 's nothing else going for this one except a slightly funny scene with the concierge . the bad : the mob wants tough guys , right ? this is a comedy , right ? no ones a tough guy and there 's no laughs . joe mantegna plays a sissy instead of a mafia tough guy . don ameche plays a senile acting senior with no personality . i wanted to like this film but i coulde n't because it was very slow , very boring and none of the characters were interesting . we never have a scene with the real mafia boss that looks like don amecha and the two never meet . you would expect a friendly " thanks for going to jail for 3 to 5 years for me " but it does n't happen . at the end someone for the mob is dressed up like the real mafia boss and he 's testifying in court and gets sentenced to jail . he does n't look anything like don ameche or the real mafia boss and yet , he 's right there taking the fall . if the film did n't need to depend on don ameche 's appearance , why did n't they send him to jail from the beginning ? the worst david mamet experience i 've had . very surprising stinker . the characters : if don ameche played a less passive character he would have been more interesting . if joe mantegna showed more conflict as a character with reasons behind them , he would have been more interesting . as the film stands , they 're both flat . don ameche had no personality and his only lines are the ones other characters used . when a character says something , you can be sure don ameche repeats it 30 minutes later like a senile robot . don ameche 's dialogue leaves a lot to be desired . add to that his boring and stale acting in this film . he played very dumb , not interesting , like a real man in crisis about to go to jail for money . overall , joe mantegna was not believable as a mafia hired hand . don ameche was too passive and uninteresting , and joe mantegna is too passive and stale . scene criticism : a couple scenes stand out as being very weak and unrealistic . ( gas station scene where joe mantegna is given $3 more in gas than he asked for ) joe mantegna is working for the mob , and he asks for $1 of gas , and gets $4. he does n't have the cash to pay , and when the gas attendant takes the car keys his reaction is " please , please , please " a real mob guy would punch the gas attendant , take back the keys , and leave for the plane they were late for . a mob guy that wo n't defend himself for $3 ? ( scene with don ameche offered money to go to jail for 3 to 5 years ) don ameche does n't put up a fight or try to leave the room , and is too passive . we do n't learn about his past or his life or family . there 's not enough time spent on the offer , and the scene was over valued for it 's lasting value . ( bedroom scene with joe mantegna trying to let don ameche escape ) joe mantegna had no real connection to don ameche 's character to justify the scene . instead it 's 2 strangers . personal commentary : the test for a comedy for me is - " how many times did i laugh ? " this film never made me laugh . i 'm shocked the film costs $24.99 on dvd . rent it instead . it belongs in the $1 bin at wal-mart . writing criticism : lines like " he 's the guy behind the guy behind the guy behind the guy " and lines like " a big man knows the value of a small coin " and the story about the grasshopper and the ant make no sense . the writing is drivel . alternative recommended film : " trading places " with dan aykroyd and eddie murphy and also don ameche , albeit in a smaller role
9641: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a terrible excuse for music from generally excellent musicians . it sounds like espn called them asked them to put a diddy together and 10 minutes later....presto ...instant mush
9647: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what has happened to the song " lives in the balance " on this set ? if you go to his website it sounds really great ! ! ! on this set it sounds awfull ! ! it sounds as if he was in a really big hurry to get the song over with . the packaging if you could call it that is really lame . foam dots for holders ? what do you do when those fall off ? i suppose you put the cd 's in jewel cases or else they will get really scratched up . not to mention it is missing some of his greatest work ! true you do get alot of songs for the money but , there should have been more time planning this set out before actually producing it . if you own an i-pod i suggest you go to apples i-tunes web page and import the great songs this set is missing as well as the others you really like off of this set and you will probably have spent the same amount of money if not less
9649: real: pos ; predicted: neg
no use thumbing the pages of cale 's elegant scrapbook of an autobiography , ' what 's welsh for zen ? , to glean hard data on this one melodic gem . coming after the heady , if problematic days of the velvets , there 's barely an acknowledgement of it as he strides into his rock format . the abrasive thrashing rock of ' mcbeth ' ( while indicating his imminent direction ) serves the one discordant note . throughout , cale namedrops to effect learnedness without destroying the mood of a distant past . language had been severed from lineal meaning , in rock , since bob went electric . pete brown writing for jack bruce 's towering masterpieces , ' songs for a sailor ' , & ' harmony row ' ; keith reid with procul harum , were mixing up the lyric medicine , presumably with other pharmacuticals & making sumptuous music on a par with ' paris 1919' . that date ? the birth of surrealism , ( and similar writing to cale 's efforts herein ) perhaps ? the russian revolution ? cale 's singing on 1919 had a world weary distance to it , which suited the reflective jabberwocky of the songs ; stretched out vowells on , ' planing lakes ' , ' elephants that sing ' , ' looking out from here at half past france . ' it was far from banal music , however saccharine the orchestral moves from strings , viola & piano cale painted . these lyrics were baffling but made perfect poetic sense when sung . ' locusts ' was something of a revisiting to this pastoral mood but lacks the roundedness . ' fragments of a rainy season ' is a good retrospective concert . and some of the fuge written around the hommage to andy warhol is very moving stuff . go john
9653: real: pos ; predicted: neg
some reviewers below have said that this microphone does n't work with the sony hot shoe . wrong . click on the " technical details " on this page and you 'll see the sony camcorder models that this microphone works with . failure to look at which camcorders are compatable with this microphone is the fault of the customer , not any fault with the microphone ! so do n't give it a low rating based on your own lack of research when buying a product , please
9654: real: neg ; predicted: pos
so this was my first digital camera , got it last july for my birthday . i go to a lot of concerts , so i needed a camera that could take pictures in not good light and take pics of moving subjects . well , two days after i got it , i was at a festivale watching my fav band perform and the the screen went white . it would still take pics , only you couldnt see them . after changing the batteries and turnign it off and on , it went back to normal . alarmed , i called samsung and they told me the couldnt do anythign until it was white again . it only did it a couple of times after that so i never called again . but that was only one thing wrong with it . this is a horrible camera for concerts , the pictures are always blurry . shoot , even when im at my house the pics still come out blurry sometimes . tuesday i went to see my fav band again , and the dumb thing goes white . it woudnt stop , no matter how many times i turned it off and on again . now the flash is broke and i 'm ready to throw it against the wall . you ca n't trust this camera . you never know when it will take good pics or bad pics.i wouldnt even consider buying this camera for a minute !
9655: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first version of easy cd creator i used was cd creator 4 basic . it was okay , pretty much what it said it was : basic . i got the upgrade to that from an ebay auction and it worked pretty good . later due to lack of support by the manufacturer for new cdrw drives in good old version 4 , i upgraded to cd creator 5 platinum ( the version being sold here . ) this too worked pretty good - for a little while . then the operation was moved over from adaptec to roxio , and from that point onward , things have been more thorny than rosy . roxio will require you to register the product in order to download the ( one ) utterly essential update to keep this thing running . perhaps you do n't mind that , but i feel it 's a somewhat minor invasion of privacy . plus you have to keep track of your password to the website and if you change isp 's you will have to re-register . a hassle to say the least . also , since roxio took the reins , there are no further updates being provided . instead roxio tries to " encourage " ( read " browbeat " ) you into getting the software upgrade for even more money . this upgrade will not work on win98se , which i still use for various reasons . so if i were to upgrade the software again , i would also have to spend the extra money for a new operating system with all the faults and foibles that can introduce with other apps that i need and still use . if you have money to burn along with all those shiny round coasters you are going to be making , i applaud you . i prefer to keep a little cash for retirement . it is difficult if not impossible to get support from any real carbon-based life form , and the website gives little or no support for some of the issues you may face , such as getting " illegal request " errors from direct cd , or inability to format or erase cdrw 's that was once possible in version 4. also , any cdrw 's created in version 4 may not be readable with the new software , or at the least there are some technical issues with this . at any rate , it is not neccessarily all that " easy " unless you are fairly technically inclined and understand ( or are willing to learn ) some of the finer technical points in cd recording technology . i prefer not to be bothered with it , i just want to create some cds . i now find that some functions do not work appropriately at all , especially direct cd , a program that originally provided the ability to do " drag and drop " writing of files to a read / write cd . now i find that direct cd is non-functional , and the only cd 's i can write are cdr 's , and there are problems growing in that area as well . speed of the cdrw or brand of the recording media does not seem to be the issue . the software simply refuses to work as it once did . it should n't be called " easy cd creator " . perhaps " irritating " cd creator would be more appropriate . in summary : this does not deserve stars . perhaps a few " black holes " ? while i once would have given wholehearted supported this product , regrettably i cannot support it with the same enthusiasm now .
9656: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i feel that it is just way too much money for what you get . i own a lot of professional ( canon ) equipment and gladly paid the price because they are the best things out there . but it makes little sense to market a marginal product and still expect to command a high price . i have the s80. no complaint there . the leather case was just way too tight , which invites a fumble as you try to pull out the camera . the flap issue is an issue . the neck chain is a bit short , and similar and better items can be had for a lower price . if you shop around you can also find the li battery for less . i 'm not upset , but just disappointed with what i got for the price
9659: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this 1971 black comedy is still a stitch , even if it does n't feel as audacious as i 'm sure it once did . directed by the maverick hal ashby , it is the epitome of all opposites-attract love stories as a twenty-year old depressive connects with a 79-year old life-loving woman . they actually bond over their mutual interest in death , as they keep showing up at the same funerals . however , the root of their respective interests could n't be more different - maude shows up to reconfirm how lucky she feels to be alive , while the hearse-driving harold simply likes the morbidity of it all . the plot is really about their burgeoning relationship , while his mother constantly attempts to make the death-obsessed harold more socially acceptable . first , she uselessly sets him up on a series of blind dates . to foil any hope of romance with these women , however , he stages mock-suicides which simply perturbs rather than disturbs his mother . she then recruits an ineffectual analyst and even has her brother victor , a hawkish officer and vietnam war amputee , to try to convince harold to join the army . the episodic structure of the story by collin higgins ( years before becoming a director in his own right with " foul play " and " nine to five " ) allows the characters to develop in subtle ways with a completely deadpan approach despite the outward shenanigans of the characters ' actions . the movie eventually moves toward a greater gravitas but despite some soap opera elements , surprisingly not at the expense of the pervasive whimsical tone . ruth gordon is her typically pixilated self , an archetype she played for years afterward , while bud cort is terrific in conveying his particular brand of wide-eyed cynicism . it 's really their unforced chemistry that keeps the film feeling fresh 35 years later . there are funny sideline performances by vivian pickles as harold 's eye-rolling mother , ellen geer as an overly actressy blind date named sunshine , and eric christmas in a very funny cameo as a disapproving priest . cat stevens ' soundtrack has n't aged as well as , say , simon and garfunkel 's music in " the graduate " , but it still works as a folkish commentary on the quirky proceedings . unfortunately , the 2000 dvd contains a rather compromised print and there are no extras included
9662: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the next generation is basically a remake of the original texas chainsaw massacre , in fact up to an hour into the film the plot is practically identical , though different characters and locations are used . the original was a little overrated in my opinion and this " remake " is quite frankly terrible . bad acting with the exception of renee zellweger and matthew mcconaughy who do their best with a terrible script and several b movie actors . the only major differences from the original are that leatherface now dresses as a woman , which was fairly amusing but hardly essential , and a tacked on conspiracy theory . the conspiracy theory of a secret society only surfaces in the last half hour and is absolutely ridiculous , i wo n't explain it , theres no point , watch it yourself if you want to know how stupidly the film ends . i would sooner suggest avoiding this film completely though , even die hards admit its awful , i only gave it 2 stars because i reserve 1 star for the very worst of the worst ( yes even worse than this ! )
9667: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera is really great . i knew i liked it before , but i immediately began to appreciate this camera all the more when i ended up with a rebel xt as a " loaner " while my 20d was in repair . not that the xt is a bad camera , it just does n't really compare to the 20d . the 20d has a nice feel to it ; it is fairly large , which is great since i have somewhat large hands . the features are great too . and the image quality is awesome . i do n't really need to go into all of the details , as most of the other reviewers have done an excellent job . let me just say that it is a great camera and is worth the five stars . the only complaint i have about the camera is that it does n't have spot metering . the ability to do your light metering off of a single point of interest would be great - and they did add it to the 30d .
9669: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i had a hard time putting this one down . i quickly read through the entire collection and it was over too quickly . i would recommend this to any x-men fan especially fans of the old comic books and it certainly takes up a lot less room than if i had the hardcopy versions . my only complaint is that it ends at the beginning of a new story . ah well. .
9671: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am not jewish , but you do n't have to be to enjoy these songs . this album happens to be one of my favourites of the putumayo releases . a couple of the songs were instantly familiar to me even though i thought i knew none of the songs when i bought this album . each and every song on here is wonderful...some are traditional folk songs while others are newer compositions . the 23 page booklet includes a 3 page history of jewish music , and each artist has a page about them , including a photograph . i highly recommend this album to just about everyone . my husband is arabic and he too loves these songs . music truly is borderless
9673: real: pos ; predicted: neg
hounds is an outstanding piece of work . two outstanding pieces of work if you look at it properly . the first consisting of five individual songs , though all with a very similar feel and texture . the second is a conceptual set of songs called the ninth wave , which has had many meanings read into it . all five tracks from the first piece are excellent . the opening track , running up that hill , is possibly kate 's greatest single of all time ( up there with wuthering heights and babooshka ) , it is a powerful song with simple but highly emotional lyrics . it has been reworked by aussie outfit infusion in recent years and become a big dance floor anthem for the likes of john digweed and dj tiesto . it had lost none of it 's appeal or sense of urgency over time . the title track is a beautiful , upbeat song . again it has made a resurgence in the last year , thanks to mod-rock uk band the futureheads . the big sky is my favourite ( you want my reply ? what was the question ? i was looking at the big sky ! ) . the extended mix is great and available on the 1997 emi remastered release of hounds . mother stands for comfort is a little out of place , dark and eerie it would have felt right at home on the dreaming . kates vocals are , in my opinion , sublime on this track . the fantastic song , cloudbusting , nearly deserves a review on it 's own . a masterpiece in modern pop , it tells one of the best stories i 've ever heard in a pop song , and combines it with one of the best video clips i 've ever seen . the ninth wave is beyond review . you need to buy this lp and listen to it over and over again . it will mean different things to different people , and i think that is what makes it so amazing . commonly interpretted as the story of a woman drowning , i have weaved several meanings through the story at various times of my life , but each ends happily - the whimsical the morning fog makes sure of it.. . else , just put it on and lose yourself in the soundscape , read nothing into it and take the ninth wave for a musical ride . that 's my favourite way to listen to it . finally , if you ever need to test the ability of a piece of sound equipment , say the $2000 amplifier you 're about to splurge on , take the remastered lp as your test . the percussion should be clear , the vocals crisp and the stereo separation precise . an outstanding lp in every way !
9674: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i 1st watched requiem from the darkness i had high hopes for an anime show i heard that could actually by scary . to my dissappointment this show was not scary at all but a mockery of anything that is anime . this show has good animation is some spots with some deformed shapes of people . the strengths of the show however primarily rely on its soundtrack which is above average but nothing amazing . also the last straw with this show was the horrible depictions of people being graphically murdered . this show is disgusting because of these potrayals a brothers murdering each / husband killing wife after wife / a man who enjoys murder / and very very intense sexual situations of insects and once again family members murdering each other . i recommend this show to no one and i believe geneon has made a mistake licensing it . if you do n't heed my review then you have wasted your money on a dvd not worth a penny ( i would n't take it for free )
9675: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this software is a waste of money to say the least . the templates on this software are terrible and ugly . you are lucky if you have five good templates to choose from . if you are looking for something quick and easy to use this is not it.you have to format everything . please do n't make the same mistake i made . do not buy this product
9679: real: pos ; predicted: neg
gene watson 's music was introduced to me by a friend who played drums for sonny james , ernest tubb , and dottie west . i had never heard of him but then when i heard his voice on the cd i knew the songs . it 's amazing to me how a person with such a great voice has never received the attention that he should . every song is great but the one which i really like is & quot ; the old man and his horn&quot ; . this was a song i had never heard . it also shows the versatility of gene 's song selections . he has the best voice of any country singer i have ever heard
9686: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there are only two artists ' music that i will purchase not having heard one note of the cd . those two artists are barbra streisand and linda eder . " songs of judy garland " was a huge disappointment . i was surprised at the cd cover . i do n't know what " look " ms. eder was shooting for but she missed the mark . instead of coming off as 10 years younger , she has been transformed to the point of being unrecognizable . she looks both spooky and a little like a petulant child . ms. eder has always been a very attractive woman and definitely did not need this kind of " makeover " . and the music...i tried so many times to like it . but the more i listended the more i realized i was listening to " liza minnelli " singing her mother 's music . i did not hear linda eder . i 'm begging you ms. eder , go back to what works . i 'm sorry...this does n't
9687: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was the break through record for pink floyd that would place them in the super-league . the strength of the record lies in the song writing that is simple yet engaging and dave gilmore 's guitar playing and voice is superb . production wise this is well polished and the presence of the sax and backing vocalists just give it that little extra commercial potential . overall the record works well as a whole yet i do feel ' money ' seems out of place . the problem with records like this that it is too easy to enjoy and all the sharp ends are neatly filed off and well packaged for your consumption . now do n't get me wrong i think this is a magnificent record but is it really pink floyd 's greatest album , i tend to think not . is it the greatest record of all time ? most certainly not . because a records sells 35 million copies does not make it automatically great . because everybody and their grandmother thinks it 's great , does not necessarily make it great . the problem with this record is that it sounds of its time , not that that 's a bad thing , its just that it does not transcend time . the real indication of a great record is how many people it inspires to make records that sound like it . i ca n't think of many records that sound like this without sounding retrogressive . some records released at the same time : can 's " future days " ( 1973 ) ; nue ! ' s " 2 " ( 1973 ) ; king crimson 's " larks ' tongues in aspic " ( 1973 ) ; robert wyatt 's " rock bottom " ( 1974 ) ; tangerine dream 's " phaedra " ( 1974 ) are by far more influential and enduring than dark side . if you do n't own dark side then buy it because it is a very good record and deserves its five stars , but make sure you buy ' piper at the gates of dawn ' also . ' piper ' is floyds greatest , most influential and definitely one of the greatest of all time . besides , how many people who think ' dark side ' is floyd 's best have actually heard ' piper' .
9688: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have had 5 digital point and shoot cameras all a little bigger and better than the last . this is my first slr and i am not in the least disappointed . this camera meets or exceeded everything i expected from it . very easy to learn , read the manual and use the web site tuturial and when the battery is charged your ready to go take pictures . i highly recommend this camera
9692: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book is so awesome ! ! ! it has so much great info in it . it is a book that is so easy to read before you know it your done . it makes you really think about your relationship prior affair and after affair . what went wrong and were it went wrong at . it offers so many was to open up communication and how to talk to one another without fighting . there isnt enough things to say how awesome this book is . must have for anyone in a bad situation . it has a questionnaire at the end that both partners can do and an agreement for both partners to read and sign . it helps lift your spirit and makes you think that this isnt the end of the world and that you can make it through . i have a new found hope for my marriage and a new attitude towards everything . i am looking at the bigger picture and the brighter side of things . i am alive and i still have my family and my husband . we go to thearpy and with all the great info in this book just put what we have learned into action and hopefully great results will be the outcome . get this book you wont regret it ! ! !
9693: real: pos ; predicted: neg
over the last two years , i have found h&r block 's tax cut software to be simple to use to process an otherwise complex tax return . i would recommend it to anyone who wants a reliable tax preparation source without having to pay the accountant 's fees
9694: real: neg ; predicted: pos
check out page 67 of the book for a basic reason why this book is useless : an entire page of a ftp session downloading openldap . huh ? how is this helpful ? getting the right version of berkeleydb and installing it , or installing and configuring openssl would have been far more helpful to me . this is another book composed mostly of cut ' n paste from the man pages , header files and varous scripts you can find with google . discussion on basic topics such as replication skips over key steps , examples for many issues are not provided or are hidden in the book . i use ldap at work and i used the o'reilly book to instal , configure and use openldap . i have yet to find a question that deploying openldap can answer that i ca n't get faster with google
9695: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is about other people talking about richard pryor with a fe clips of pryor
9700: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had such high hopes for this hair dryer - - well-known brand , diffuser with long " fingers " just like i prefer , etc. well the first time i used it my hair looked like i had been through a wind tunnel ! the low setting is like most other hair dryers ' high settings , even with the diffuser on . it really blasts the air out ! i have wavy / lightly curly hair and it made my hair a frizzy mess . this dryer may be fine for people with straight hair , but i definitely do not recommend it for people with wavy or curly hair
9702: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my two year old only child adores this dvd so much that she 's " adopted " max as an imaginary younger brother . there 's no flash and no dash , no special effects and no tired slapstick - but there is charm , gentleness , intelligence , humor , and completely accessible characters for the little people in your life . my daughter views max and ruby as such a treat that i used it as a potty training reward - and she 's always just as delighted with it as she was the first time she saw it . ages 18 months through five . five stars , and then some
9703: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as a student studying mathematics , i find it very useul ! packed with 3200 terms and 200 illustrations , it 's a great quick reference guide . i found things in this guide that i could n't find in any other book or guide . another thing about this reference guide is the lack of poor illustrations and examples . some things this guide helped me with is parabolas , ellipses , hyperbolas , gamma funtion , zeta function , feigenbaum number , the greek alphabet , and much more . i thank david nelson and penguin books for such excellent work
9705: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i generally like elmore leonard , this is the twelfth book of his i 've read , ranging from his detroit crime capers , to his l.a.-set chili palmer stuff , to some of his westerns . other than the terrible " be cool " , this is probably my least favorite of his books so far . set in the years between the end of world war i and 1934 , the story follows carlos " carl " webster from boyhood to manhood as the son of a wealthy pecan farmer rises to became a hotshot u.s. marshall . the story takes place in the dusty midwest , mainly around tulsa and oklahoma city , as carl faces off with various wanna-be desperados seeking to make a name for themselves . carl is a somewhat vain , cocky lawman , with a keen sense of what kind of quote will get him in the papers . his main foe is the son of a wealthy oil man , a no account young man who has everything he needs , but whose selfish nature and appetite for stirring things up leads him into carl 's path . mixed into this are kinds of period details , from prohibition to will rogers shows to klansmen vigilantes to " true detective " writers to striking miners to mentions of various real-life bank robbers pretty boy floyd , john dillinger , and bonnie and clyde barrow . despite all this background detail , the story itself failed to engage me . there are none of the clever twists and turns that characterize leonard 's best work . there 's a good guy , a bad guy , and an inextricable outcome whose resolution is surprisingly undramatic . in fact , about halfway through the book i realized that the " real story " was n't going to kick in - - i was in it ! and unlike many leonard books , the supporting cast of characters is n't particularly memorable . even leonard 's trademark strong dialogue is mostly missing , subsumed by his attempt to stick to period speech . ultimately , one gets the feeling that leonard was most interested in capturing the vibe of the period , and perhaps did n't spend nearly the same amount of effort on the actual story . that said , the depression and its effects are surprisingly absent from the story , given the time and place . all in all , unless you 're really really into the whole ' 30s gangster thing , not worth the time .
9706: real: pos ; predicted: neg
read the reviews and picked the elephant for my 17m old child 's nusery . i absolutely love it . before this , my son could not sleep well with our " family 's " humiifier because it was too noisy . within an hour of bringing this home , it was set up ( very easily ) and he took one of many 2 1 / 2 hour naps that week ! no filters , no noise , no problems thus far ! i did have it on high for the first 20 mins and found a puddle of water underneath , but the humidifier was near a window , and i am asumming there was a draft that may have directed the steam toward the dresser top . ( the problem was resolved once moved unto a different surfacetop ) filling it is a snap and the very fine mist ( looked like small stream of fog ) was a pleasure to see out of the trunk of the animal ! the tank seems to last longer than the box states . it is on it 's third day on a low / med setting and it still only has a 3 inch difference at the top . i love the safety features and i do n't have to worry about the tank still on if it 's empty since it has an automatic shut off ! the light is not a problem since he likes to have a tiny bit of light in his room . it is a design that will last thoughout his childhood ! thank you crane !
9707: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it was some years ago when i bought a previous cd version of this encyclopedia . although technology has advanced , and wikipedia has come into existence , encyclopedia britannica is more reliable .
9710: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this uv filter does it job to protect the lens well . the build is solid ( metal construction ) . the glass is also descent quality . about the performance , it absorbs some uv light . the uv light absorbtion is hardly noticeable , probably the sky 1-a and the haze filter version will absorb more uv light than this lens which is fine for me . now , about the one problem which is the internal reflection . i 've heard many people say that it mostly happens during night or low light shooting . i found out that it is not caused directly by the low light / night situation . the internal reflection will appear when there is a strong / bright source of light in comparison to the overall exposure ( the surrounding environment ) . to put it in example ( which hopefully is easier to understand ) , when you take a picture of a lamp during nightime and the light is much brighter than the surrounding area then you will see the internal reflection . as you move the position of the light to be closer to the sides / corner of the picture ( and not in the center of the picture ) , the internal reflection reduces and finally dissapear ( if you move the light far enough from the center ) . and if the light is n't too bright / contrast compare to the surrounding environment then there will be no internal reflection . but of course most of the time , a lamp at nightime is often very bright . but the point that i 'm trying to make is that the internal reflection does n't happen all the time during low light or night time . additionally , the internal reflection is n't only happening at night . it can also happen in the afternoon if you are taking a picture of a sun for example . basically same rule as above , on how bright is the light source compared to the surrounding area , and as you move the sun from the center of the photo and near the side the internal reflection will move to the side / dissapear ( also depending the angle ) . but the best way is just to remove the filter during these situations . hope this explanation helps you to reduce the occurence of internal reflection by identifying correctly when the internal reflection will occur and then remove the filter during those situation ( which is not hard to do ) . i 'm actually not a fan of lens filter ( any filter ) as i think it will only degrade picture quality as we added another layer between the sensor and object , but i decided to use them anyway for all my lens . and i would recommend everyone to get one of this filter if you do n't have any filter for your lens yet .
9713: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the software ( digital image suite 2006 ) before i bought my camera - to be ready to process the pictures i was going to take . a big mistake . i bought a canon 30d camera and record my images in raw format ( *.cr2 ) . unfortunately , not all canon .cr2 raw files are the same . so , even though the software says you can edit .cr2 raw images , it depends on which camera made the image . here is complaint number two - if you use microsoft 's customer service / technical support you will be routed to india - and they will just give you an answer that is vaguely related to your problem . after emailing several times and getting nowhere you will find out that you ca n't write to their washington state headquarters unless you have the name of someone in the address . so , basically , microsoft is the largest technical software company in the world with the worst customer service and no american technical support . now , for the final complaint . there is no link or method to get updates or upgrades for this program ! so , if i want to use a microsoft software package to edit my photo images then i will have to buy a new software package - is n't that wonderful .
9714: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after doing this film steve martin quit doing movies for a while and even turned down scripts written for him so if your a huge fan you may enjoy it , but roxanne , la story , and bowfinger are some of steve 's best works .
9716: real: neg ; predicted: pos
dis gy is da kying of da south ! ! ! give me a f***ing break . when are we going to stop seeing crappy rapper after even crappier rappers that are so full of themselves that they feel the need to plasture their faces all over every one of their crappy unintelligent so called albums ! ! nothing descent to say at all , just a bunch of mindless [...]. i bet you they do n't even like music , they just want to be a " celebrity " and be rich for 3 years ( till their broke ) . if they really did geniunly like music , it would n't sound that sh**y ! ! ! ! get over yourselves ! ! !
9723: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the remix is totally devoid of any taste:first the vocals are completely-off ; the mix levels of vocals is far lower than the new musical dressings . secondly , there is absolutely no respect on part of the " mixing djs " for the great vocalists:there is no melody and absolutely no ' jelling-together ' of the music with the vocals . i was deeply disappointed with this cd.if you are into remixes get the rod stewart " do ya think i am sexy " single cd instead
9729: real: neg ; predicted: pos
my objection was the implication that the " stars " played a part in the film . i felt that the picture was completely deceptive . ms richards and ms hanna had less than 15 minutes ( maybe a little more but not much and possible even less ) and were clearly there to fool the viewer . it was an interesting documentary about prostitution and it might have been an interesting and revealing film if the the stars had been left out and it was done only as a documentary
9734: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it 's not working with my toshiba tecra m2 laptop - - it keeps wanting an update to my video driver that does n't exist
9745: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love all the varieties of chocolate , and if you mix them in a blender , they are smooth and creamy . you can add a frozen banana or a couple of ice cubes , and the shake is thick enough to be a milkshake . shaking by hand or using a hand-held mixer does not do these nutrition shakes justice . these are a great meal replacement - healthy , nutritious , and full of quality protein .
9747: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i found this program simple , easy to operate . however , when creating a dvd project i used a narration for my audio . the narration matched each picture perfectly , when i decided to burn it all of the audio was thrown off . do not count on any tech support . they offer an online chat with tech support but do not respond or are not online at all . you have the option of forking over $35 per incident in order to get a real live person on the phone - but it still does not guarantee it will help . and now , i 'm not even able to burn it ! ! ! ! i hate this program
9759: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this video was not animated like the classic chuck jones features such as " the cat in the hat " and " the grinch " . my daughter was rather disappointed to see the camera scanning over pages of the books she already owns along with paper cutouts of the characters floating around as a cheap replacement for animation . we give this video a thumbs down
9760: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a quality album from richard . long time fans will not be disappointed . it will win over quite a few new fans as well with it great guitars and snappy lyrics
9761: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i loved this camera when i received it and used it a couple of times . then , it just stopped working . i have since purchased the same camera elsewhere and it is works great . maybe this was just a bad egg . good camera , but 2 months of use for the money was n't good
9762: real: neg ; predicted: pos
gnr were a very overrated band . i found appetite for destruction very dull . this atleast has the band 's 3 great songs in november rain , civil war , and live and let die . get this for 3 great songs but stay away from gnrs other crappy songs and albums ! ! they are not metal !
9765: real: pos ; predicted: neg
aretha 's voice , her style , delivery and interpretation of her music is incomparable . these songs are more than just classics ; they 're a songbook to millions of people 's lives who grew up listening to her in the 60 's and 70 's as i did . they evolk memories of times that changed our world , and showed just how powerful and influential music could be for generations to come . there is not much that came before , and very little that came after these golden years for aretha , that can compare to this treasury of her music . sadly the aretha frankiln of 2007 pales in comparison to the aretha franklin of this time , who was truly and rightfully the queen of soul .
9772: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i tried an inexpensive program first and found it just did n't work . this program has been fantastic !
9773: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it 's sad that people can get a record deal for beinga good kareoke singer . yeah , maybe my fish can get a record deal : they " sing " in tone , can breath , but refue to lip-synch ( i know it sounds gay ) . this is just sad because bands that play their own instruments , write their own songs , and perform their own songs can pretty much get almost no attention . let 's take the band king 's x : doug pinnick ( vocals / bass ) is an amazing metal singer who can sing in perfect pitch and writes good lyrics about god ( king 's x is a christian band ) ; ty tabor ( guitar / vocals ) has some of the bestguitar solos you probably do n't know ; and jerry gaskill ( drums / vocals ) has some pretty complicated rhythm patterns...yet only like a few dozen people ( i know a lot more people than that like kx ; i 'm just exagerating ) seem to like this band . it 's sad . if you want good music , listen to the band i just menioned ( king 's x if you were n't paying attention ) . ( if amazon does n't post this i will seriously get poed !
9774: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these glasses should not have the bushnell name on them , which misleads one to think they are good quality . i bought them for my son , and by the time i got around to sending them , i discovered that the plastic housing was cracked where the front lens screws in , so the lens was misaligned . it was past the 30-day return date , so i glued the crack and kept them for my own use . they are still not right , but i keep them in my car for occasional use . my advice - - spend some extra money and get a good pair .
9775: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first few days worked great . i could not finish eating anything , i was full with very little to eat but after a few days the effect wore off . i work out daily , count carlories and drink at least 74 ounces of water a day . i did notice a slight difference in my nails and never experienced jitters but that was it . i did not lose any weight what so ever . i think this may be good if you want to have a bit more energy but do n't expect any weight lost .
9776: real: pos ; predicted: neg
style : salsa exercise level : very fit this is now the best latin exercise dvd on the market . it is a salsa style exercise dvd . it contains pure ny shines with some salsa rhythm inspired dance steps . it is a much better routine than her first dvd which was geared towards the beginner market . this dvd is made more for the serious salsa dancer who is already fit . for people looking for a salsa shine video this would be a great start . i must point out you would have to be fit to do this dvd . it is very fast paced . buy lisa 's first dvd to prepare yourself for this dvd
9777: real: neg ; predicted: pos
summary : i wasted a lot of time trying to make this work , and i eventually went back to other products . in theory , integrating virus checker , firewall , spyware , and data backup into a unified suite ( like ms office with word , excel , & powerpoint ) makes sense . however , this software package seems poorly made ; it did not work very well for me . hardware , os , & primary software used : 1. dell lattitude d620 laptop with 2gb ram , windows xp , ms office 2. dell x1 laptop ( thin / lightweight ) with 2gb ram , windows xp , ms office 3. dell dimension desktop with 4 gb ram , windows xp , children 's games prior virus / spyware products : lattitude & x1 : norton dimension : freeware provided by our isp theory : since microsoft makes the os & office applications that get infected with viruses , their product should be better integrated with the os . there will be synergy by integrating several related software applications . lesson : well , after a series of terrible experiences , i hope others will benefit from my wasted time : 1. instead of loading most of the program from the cd & downloading small updates , this seems to load only a small part of the program and downloads huge files . this made me feel that the product was shipped unfinished . you had to do this separately for each machine since it hides the downloaded files then deletes them prior to finishing the installation . this took a better part of an afternoon . 2. i purchased a 3-pack license . installing and activating the software on the 2nd & 3rd machines required a series of very annoying steps that involved logging into their website with broken links . it finally required a phone call . at least , the phone support experience was good . 3. the product promises to minimize performance impact , and improve overall performance . on the lattitude & dimension ( powerful machines ) , there was no difference in performance , but we could notice a slightly slower performance with the x1. this was later verified when we uninstalled the ms windows onecare and replaced it with another product . 4. the product has difficulty updating . it opens a small message box that asks you to click to update onecare , but that takes you to a webpage that only works about 1 in 4 times . 5. except for the first time , data backup always has several errors that i have to manually fix . this has very rarely happened with other data backup software i 've used . 6. some applications , the firewall asks everytime for permission to connect to the internet although the application is in the list to always allow this connection .
9780: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as with all of zucchero 's cd 's , this is also wonderful . i listen to it all the time , it 's sensual and sexy and great
9781: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a terrible upgrade . i 'm going to uninstall it and go back to 6. even though i specifically told it to leave my file associations alone , it changed every one of them . it 's a nightmare . i 'm still trying to get nero disassociated with certain file types , to no avail . the backup program is awful , slow and much more difficult to use than the one built into 6. overall , ultra 6 is a much better product . i 'm going to uninstall 7 and send it back to nero with instructions on where they can associate it
9783: real: neg ; predicted: pos
over half of this movie consists of scenes taken from the original 1939 classic film directed by zoltan korda . even those scenes ca n't disguise the remake 's network tv-movie quality . beau bridges is generally a good actor , but he is terribly miscast on this film . go rent both versions of the four feathers and see it for yourself
9784: real: neg ; predicted: pos
1. you ca n't print on anything over 8.5x14 paper . useless if you want to review your house to any standard scale . 2. i bought this thinking that it would be better than my 1993 version 3.0 of broderbund 3d home architect . it turns out that this is exactly the same software ! i strongly recommend looking for something better
9786: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is one of the best biographies i have ever read . you can tell the authors put a lot of time and effort into this work - it 's a true labor of love . filled with beautiful photos and extensive bibliographical notes , this one is a keeper . who knew miss francis was such a " wild child " ? whether you 're a film scholar or a movie buff , lynn kear 's book deserves a special spot in your bookcase .
9787: real: pos ; predicted: neg
sombre romantic is a step up if you will in the gothic metal genre . it is a very solid album from start to finish but has alot of layers that keep things interesting . its not what you would really consider to be a " religious " album but there are many undertones that help get the message across . this point being made very clear in " museum of iscariot " which talks of jesus from judas ' point of view . rowan 's vocal stylings change to meet the moods of every song on this album , from low opera type to screaming , in a superb way that stays consistent and never gets old . if you are into relaxed darkwave / goth music this is a perfect album to purchase
9788: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this machine bubbles but they are anything but quiet . the water was cold in less than 2 minutes even though i put hot water in has per the instructions . a bucket would probally have done better along with air pump from my fish tank
9791: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a huge fan of btnh , but even i will admitt this is not a good album . the worst being " home " which uses samples from phil collins . the whole thing feels kind of empty , with very little of the passion that you would hear on the groups earlier works . there are a few songs worth listening to . most notably is " clevland is the city " which is one of the only songs that still sounds like it has any " harmony " to it . other songs worth mentioning are " what about us " , " not my baby " and " pump , pump " , the rest of the album in my opinion is garbage . it is not surprising that the group broke up shortly after this album was released
9792: real: neg ; predicted: pos
first let it be said that this book leads you to believe that he hikes the whole trail.. . he does not . he hikes less than a third . you dont find this out until 2 / 3 through the book , which is right about when the book goes from passibly bad , to an ill effort to fulfill a contract . my conclusion on this book is that he was contracted to hike the trail by his publisher , could not , and stuffed the remainder of the book with verbatum history lessions and whole cloth inserts of useless statistics . as others have said in this review forum . this book can be snide , highschoolish and down right mean . i fail to see the " wit " in his endless negitivity and bashing . this book has a few funny parts , but i cant help but feel that it is a huge exageration of real events , and is mostly contrived fictional accounts which he uses to air is nasty comments . it is so unbelievible in places , that you know you are on an imagined tangent . dont waste your money or time . i am so happy i bought it for 25 cents at a yard sale !
9793: real: neg ; predicted: pos
even as a joke , this would be horrible ; however , i think this band take it seriously - and it blows ! i picked up this cd because i heard a.r.e. were like a combination of suicide , front 242 , and iron maiden : interesting . no ! ! a.r.e. are a bad imitation of front 242 and watered-down liars at best . the guitar riffs are awful and the lyrics are even worse . example : " hey world " begins with how much it sucks to be 13. when i saw pelican in concert , they were opening ( ? ! ? ! ? ) for a.r.e. , so i decided to give them a second chance . the sound guy must not have liked what he heard , because the bar chatter was louder . " louder " i yelled , so that i might find something redeeming in their music . " yeah , suck louder ! " someone else yelled - i had to agree & give him a high-five . maybe i would have liked this when i was 12 and did n't know any better . zero stars
9797: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned . from the moment they reached king kong 's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience . i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape . how can anyone feel anything for king kong ? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island , forces them to provide him sacrificial women , and tortures the female star of the movie . it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong . the villains of the movie were my heroes . i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
9798: real: neg ; predicted: pos
received as a christmas present , dead by february 24. well , actually , that 's two months . now all it does is flash an error message , and nothing i do gets it out of that mode . i liked it before it died on me
9799: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ahhhh , what a great movie . i cry at the end every time . i remember when i was young and prayed for the safe return of the astronauts of apollo 13. however , i am severely dissappointed with the widescreen dvd . those who created it did not use the original film , but chopped top and bottom from the fullscreen vhs version . there are many instances when this is evident , but the most glaring is the scene in the back yard of the lovell house after the walk on the moon when jim says , & quot ; i want to go back there&quot ; . when the scene opens , he is cut off at mid-thigh and you never see below his knees . on the fullscreen vhs you can see his shoes . when i buy the widescreen , i want the whole movie , not less than the fullscreen vhs tape . bad , bad , bad , bad , bad . buy the vhs
9804: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when i started reading this book , i began to cry . i saw myself over and over again . and it is so comforting to know i am not the only person feeling this way , hurting this much . i am not quite finished yet , but so far i have learned so much i did n't know and also found suggestions for coping i had n't encountered . now if someone could only come up with a cure
9807: real: neg ; predicted: pos
and he 's a super-talented drummer . the day the foos release a best-of compilation i 'll probably pick it up . otherwise , i 'm sad to say that the average foo fighters album cut just does n't cut it for me . all of the songs on there is nothing left to lose are mediocre , run-of-the mill " alternative " rock . only " stacked actors " has some real songwriting substance and it does have some swagger and bite , but to be perfectly honest , it still is n't a huge turn-on in my book . " learn to fly , " the other track that got some airplay on alt-rock radio , may as well have been written by the outfield or some other average rock band along those lines . i almost gave this album two stars , but unfortunately i think that rating would be just too generous . foo fighters have made some really good songs , like " everlong . " but i honestly do n't think they 'd be nearly as big if grohl had n't drummed for one of the most highly revered and charismatic bands of all time , nirvana . elsewhere , their fantastic cover versions such as gary numan 's " down in the park " and prince 's " darling nikki " suggest they are great rockers but less great in the songwriting department
9809: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i usually use adaware to scan my computer weekly , and like others , i would like to try the trial version spyware doctor to scan my computer . the result was , i had more than 200 infections ! i was amazed that my other virus scan programs did n't catch any of these infections , and my computer had been running properly . of coz , i would like to remove these infections and so i paid with my creditcard and got the license no . after entering the license no . and scanning , i continued to remove the infections that spyware doctor had caught . before clickinig the remove button , i checked what i would delete and the files seems ok to be deleted . i had to restart my computer in order to complete removing the infections . i clicked yes to restart . from then , my nightmare began , i could n't start my computer at all ! ! ! not even displaying the loggin window ! my computer just kept restarting again and again . after 5 times restarting automatically , i smelled something burning from my computer ! ! ! i was so scared becoz there are some important files that i have n't backup yet ! endup , i reformat my computer ! ! ! i could n't login my old account again ! now , i have a new administrator account and lost all the softwares that i orginally have . luckily i was able to reinstall 70% of the softwares ( you gotta know the serial no . for most of the softwares are not working after reinstall , and that took me long time to find ways reinstalling them , and not all of them ! ) some of my important files could n't be opened again because i do n't have the softwares to open them ! i was / am still so mad about this ! the spyware doctor removed my system operating files and that 's why i could n't restart my computer . yet , i reinstalled spyware doctor again because i paid and only used it once . however , i could n't use it after reinstalling like other softwares . even i followed the instruction online to reenter the licence no . that i purchased , it 's just simply not working ( the website said i do n't have to repurchase and it should work ! ) so i paid $10 , only used the spyware doctor once , but i lost all other softwares that cost totally more than $400
9810: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this product is horrifying . it worked for three months , at which point it experienced a complete meltdown . started getting auto-protect errors , and suddenly could access the internet with explorer , but not firefox . it kept trying to send me to live update , which would n't work , so i uninstalled and reinstalled norton . now the error happened again , and i could access the internet with firefox , but not explorer . an error message referred me to an online " fix , " but - - guess what ! - - you ca n't access any of their fixes with firefox . you must be using explorer . ( which is , in and of itself , offensive and obnoxious . ) explorer , of course , was n't working . ( incidentally , with norton uninstalled , all worked fine , so that was indeed the source of the problem . ) uninstalled and reinstalled norton again , hoping to get on explorer and get the fix before the error recurred , but now i could n't get on the internet at all . at that point , i uninstalled norton for good . ditto on the fact that they do n't support the product , apparently do n't stand behind the product , and apparently are n't very concerned about their reputation . very disappointing . previous versions were just fine ; this is a complete mess
9812: real: pos ; predicted: neg
renowned artist and tarot scholar / writer robert m. place has produced a masterpiece in his new tarot 384 page companion book , the buddha tarot companion : a mandala of cards . this book affords a rich unique perspective of the tarot through the lens of the buddhist paradigm . the companion deck comes in a beautifully illustrated box containing exquisitely designed cards that fit perfectly in my hand , a tiny black gossamer bag plus a bordered little white box with the instructions , " embellish this box with protective and / or empowering symbols . " other suggestions that greet you as you begin your journey with the buddha cards include : " smudge with sage to cleanse and re-energize the cards after a reading . " and " store your deck with stones or crystals that absorb negative energy , promote healing , or provide protective energy . " also included in the box is a mini-book with guidelines on reading these particular cards . both items are published by llewellyn , who as always , have taken great care to ensure quality and aesthetics in the way the cards are packaged and presented . robert has done an amazing job in correlating the life of the buddha with the tarot journey through the cards . he describes how the major arcana fits perfectly with the life of siddhartha and his journey of enlightenment . each of the tarot trumps is a stage on the mystic 's journey to enlightenment . in fact , it is mr. place 's belief that the creators of the tarot were directly influenced by the life of the buddha , and incorporated archetypes into the major arcana based on his journey . he teaches that the ancient wisdoms were not isolated from one another . instead , " the classical world maintained communications with india and the ancient western philosophers were familar with indian philosophies . " as well , the islamic world introduced the christians to the life of the buddha during the middle ages . " the european christians were enamored with the story , and they transformed him into a christian saint - st. josaphat . " i was fascinated by the titles given to the major arcana cards . each of the 23 cards reflect an important aspect of the siddhartha 's personal journey to become the enlightened one , the buddha . robert place has created a deck and book that not only meets the needs of people who practice eastern beliefs . he also acts as a mediator to help people of the western world learn about and appreciate the noble tenets of buddhism and its teachings for life . i highly recommend this deck - i found it very easy to follow , the graphics are amazingly detailed and artistically rendered and the companion book clearly helps you to learn to " read " using a buddhist world view .
9817: real: neg ; predicted: pos
picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price . did n't do a thing for me . wipe it on , let it haze and wipe it off . no difference .
9824: real: pos ; predicted: neg
watching the melvins evolve was extremely interesting and entertaining . they began as an unassuming punk band , and proceded to incorporate the heaviness of 70 's rock into their sound . then they stripped away any and all of the " punk " trappings and went for pure heavy . it all culminated with this record . it just does n't get any heavier than ' roman bird dog / hung bunny' . ' with teeth ' , rumored to actually be written by joe preston , is one of my all time favorite melvins songs . speaking of joe preston , he was the by far best of the melvins ' 7000+ bassists they had over the years . shame they got rid of him shortly after this album . as soon as they fired him , they went straight down the greased pole to mediocrity hell . bad karma . thank god that rock bands record their music so that it is n't lost forever every time they make stupid decisions . the only song on this record which i do n't like is the cover of alice cooper 's ' the ballad of dwight fry' . thankfully they made up for it with a cover of flipper 's ' sacrifice' . some of the melvins ' subsequent records have their moments ( stoner witch 's ' shevil ' , stag 's ' cotton mouth ' ) , but for the most part it seems to me that the melvins gave up the ghost after recording this . maybe someday they 'll make a comeback
9827: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this would be a great item except it is n't clear that it only works on handles that are pointing to the right . our doors have the handles going to the left leaving this item useless for us
9829: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i love the firm workouts , and i love the instructor allie , so i was so excited to try this new workout . i was unfortunately extremely disappointed . this workout was not complicated , but it also was n't much of a workout . i did n't get my heart rate up at all , and did n't break a sweat . some of the moves are just not very good , and having to repeat them everytime we add on got really annoying . the disco part was my favorite , but overall , this is a workout that i can honestly say i would rather have the money then the workout . i will keep it and periodically do it on a very light day or in addition to another workout , but that 's just because i have it . i 've tried a couple other of the new firm workouts that are more worth the money...this one i am sad to say is not .
9830: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera case is great . it 's very small and fits my coolpix 4600 perfectly . there is enough room to fit an extra memory card and some batteries ( but the batteries make it tight ) . i originally purchased the camera case listed for the 4600 , but it was a little bulky and the zipper could scratch the camera if you are n't careful . this camera case does not come with a strap like the other , but that is something i would never use . i highly recommend this case for those who want a small sleek case to protect their camera .
9832: real: neg ; predicted: pos
dr. hawkins first book , power vs force was interesting and presented a useful way to dowse using kinesiology . however , he began to venture into misapplication of this method , and has now gone off on a tangent where he seems to wish to delude himself into thinking he has developed a fool-proof way to judge the level of consciousness of any entity , concept , or construct and the truth or falsehood of any statement . there are serious logical , philosophical , and practical flaws in his work , and his attempt to quantify matters that are n't quantifiable leads to meaningless data that probably matches the bias & beliefs of those carrying out the muscle tests . this book is a good example to present to show how people can deceive themselves and misuse muscle testing and dowsing techniques . the actual technique is worthwhile , but much of what hawkins presents in the book is utterly meaningless and invalid . the levels of awareness that can be tapped into with dowsing are wise enough to not let us ask just anything we wish to and be able to receive accurate , valid answers . hawkins explores issues about media , politics , religion , spirituality , history , philosophies , healing arts , entertainment , and more , and reveals his own gross ignorance on many matters . he seems unaware that many of the people he trusts in politics and media are professional gangsters , liars , and two-faced sociopaths . he has a negative view of conspiracy theorists , many of whom are genuinely determined to find the truth and do n't resort to hawkins ' misguided shortcut attempt to identify truth . hawkins also fosters confusion with his description of his muscle test method , as it really has little to do with applied kinesiology , but is a form of dowsing where the muscle is directed to remain weak or strong in lieu of muscle response moving a pendulum or rod . i hope hawkins gets to reconsider his current efforts...consciousness and spiritual research are vital endeavors and there are others doing useful , responsible work in those areas . for now i 'd encourage hawkins to recognize that 911 was in part an inside job , many conservative politicians and pundits are corrupt frauds , and the overall maturity of consciousness in america is not greater than the rest of the world
9835: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i cannot believe that taxcut can no longer import capital gains info from fidelity , which is has been able to do for several years . i was a happy customer , now i 'm a mad customer .
9836: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i had used some third party batteries with 15 minute charger , that used to die for 10 photoes or so . this canon one seems to realllly laaast looong.. .
9838: real: neg ; predicted: pos
hey ! never liked ja fool ! he is and will always be over ! where is he ? ? ? ? ? ? ? like i care ! any way ! ! ! ! 50 has sold 16 million+ cd 's and ja fool had the nerve to say 50 do n't sell ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ja fool ! ! ! greatest hits ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! nuff said ! over ja fool rule ! !
9839: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the book offers what feels to be a valuable revelation about improving your game . the information is well presented and the cd is a nice addition...but really i think counting the the tempo / timing to yourself would be more effective ; at least that worked better for me
9843: real: pos ; predicted: neg
anyone who reads this book would not be surprised at the runaway success of the & quot ; left behind&quot ; series , since it demonstrates that a preoccupation with bible prophecy affects a much wider demographic than the fundamentalist subculture . indeed , the impact of premillenial thought has extended all the way up to the reagan white house . and , christian or not , who has n't heard of the term & quot ; antichrist&quot ; or the significance of the number & quot ; 666&quot ; ? this book presents a fairly comprehensive survey of popular eschatology , including the role of israel , russia , the arab countries , europe , and the united states . it also shows how those beliefs have changed over the years ( turkey was considered gog and magog before russia was , and the pope was designated as the antichrist for years before hitler and henry kissinger came along ) . the final chapter , written at the brink of the collapse of the soviet union , demonstrates how , once again , premillenial thought adjusts itself ( or sometimes not ) depending upon world conditions . this is a fair , even-handed treatment of a religious and cultural phenomenon
9849: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought another one of these because i dropped my orginal at the grocery store and broke the bulb.i tried contacting the company with this new one.u cannot get an answer . the company seems to have a non working number . other than that , the product ok and i havent been sick since i have used it . /
9850: real: neg ; predicted: pos
about half the songs are great old songs i 'm familiar with , the other half are songs made famous by other artists and most are clangers for elvis that are painful to listen to
9851: real: pos ; predicted: neg
good product . does what it says . however , it could smell better . it has almost no scent . you smell clean...but it has almost no scent . other than that it feels great , lathers great , leaves your skin feeling nice . and it clears your skin up
9852: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a wonderful show and very true to the band 's recent live performances , albeit with a condensed songlist . i give it only 4 stars because i had the pleasure of seeing mr. winwood and band live and the sound stage gig seems just a tad below that experience- -which is admittedly an unfair comparison . nothing to knock about this tidy show by a true virtuoso ( actually a band of virtuosos ) . consider it 4.5.
9853: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a bunch of money grabbing idiots ! if you are considering buying quickbooks , do n't ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i have never had such a horrible experience with a product . they take features away , especially with payroll , if you do not buy their products . then when you call to ask what is going on , they tell you that you have not purchased their support program and that they cannot help you ! ! i hate quick books . their is nothing quick about it and the so called support staff are a bunch of liars ! !
9855: real: neg ; predicted: pos
my cheap 10x50 rugged exposure brand binoculars give me a better view . the rubber eye cups did not stay folded back for use with my glasses and i could n't get my glasses close enough to eleviate the round " binocular effect " . i did a side-by-side comparison with my cheap binocs and liked the cheap ones better - my vision is not that bad either . maybe with perfect vision they would work for , but i doubt it
9856: real: neg ; predicted: pos
freezes ie 7 and you have to close out and restart...besides that , the other problem is slow printing because you have to use the " print as image " selection for anything that is scanned . overall it is ok , and with the vast price difference with adobe , i can live with it . but , make no mistake , this program is far inferior to the adobe product
9857: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as a peripheral bnl fan , i have always admired the off beat sense of humor these guys dish out . with previous releases , i have been able to discover new things in repeated listenings . this cd got stale fast . seems to be geared to the tween crowd . i am hopeful newer releases will stay true to the bnl i have enjoyed in years past
9858: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i think i just do n't like pilates because i really did n't care for this workout . plus , you are constantly roling up and down and from years as a ballet dancer we have always been taught that rolling your spine when working the stomach will not flatten the stomach it will cause the muscle to bulk up in your stomach and you 'll have a round hard belly . this is not my idea of an attractive waist line and this is true because it happened to a girl in one of my classes . so , that 's the main reason i just did n't like this video
9861: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have a braun 8995 shaver which is fairly good but upon reading the reviews i just had to try out the panasonic and i am v impressed . dry it shaves v slightly closer than the braun but with just a splash of water and a dab of king of shaves gel the result is amazing and quite quick too , a v close shave in about 2 minutes . i keep stroking my face to feel the smoothness . i dont use the cleaning station , i just rinse it under the tap so the only ongoing cost will be the foil and cutters but with the results i am getting i am well pleased
9862: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this comedy , like click has a funny side to it and then switches to a darker side half way through . the characters in this film can be hated at points , especially michael douglas ' and matt dillon 's but there is a lighter side ! owen wilson is very likeable as dupree , an unemployed party guy who is in need of love and a good paying job . the cast is fine and one of the strength 's in this film ! however , i think it gets too serious at points . this is supposed to be a comedy after all . i would n't buy it but it is certainly worth renting
9873: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this product is worthless . save yourself the hassle and frustration of trying to get the radio and readouts to work and buy something else . i 've never been able to get the radio to work properly and the counters have gone blank . i 'm really surprised that amazon continues to sell this item with such terrible reviews continuing to come in
9874: real: pos ; predicted: neg
having used the office programs for some time , i was a bit put off by the new ribbons which replace the old menus . i guess that office needed a new look , but i am not sure if i buy the advertising that the ribbon will make my work more productive . some things that you should know about office 2007 and ultimate in general . the licensing agreement allows you to install office 2007 ultimate on two computers , one of them being a laptop . i found this clause in the legal agreement and even called microsoft legal to confirm . if you make modifications to the quick access toolbar ( and who wo n't do that ? ) and you want to take these changes with you to another computer , the files for the toolbars are located at : c: \documents and settings\username\local settings\application data\microsoft\office where username is your username . something i have found handy when working with my two computers . one thing that i do n't like is that the file name extensions have changed . gone is the familiar .doc for word documents . now the file extension is .docx . if you want to create a document that can still be opened by prior versions of word , you must purposefully choose to create a .doc file , but you lose some of the functionality of the new files . the .docx file this format is not the same as the opendocument standard . microsoft promises that older versions of word can still open the .docx files , but i have not tried it and i do n't buy into everything that microsoft promises until i see it happen . why could n't microsoft just leave the files the same as they have always been ? office 2007 does look slick and i anticipate that i will warm up to it in the future as i get used to the new command structure .
9876: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i still have ther original blackmans shaver purchased in 1977 it still works ! this one works even better i have tried other remington shavers over the years the 850 9300 and the 9500 none of them worked as well as the first one untill now ! i found that by shaving in small circular motion as you move along your face you wo n't need williams lectric shave as i had with the other razors and it 's much easier to claen ! now if the just keep making replacement baldes i will be very happy for a long time
9877: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the bars look like mudpies , are very dry , and all three " flavors " taste the same , meaning that they do n't have much flavor at all . i much prefer certain flavors of balance bars . the only good thing about these clif bars is that i do n't get hungry for several hours after eating one
9878: real: neg ; predicted: pos
look i really despise bush . he 's an idiot . and i know people are gonna have different opinions on that . but what i wish wouldnt happen is people giving this 5 stars cause its against bush and they agree . seriously the music is really not good . however if you do buy it make sure you watch the dvd eh ? its got a great will farrel skit on it . 2 stars for that and the few decent songs on here ( ie no w by the ministry ) thats all
9880: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have always dated men who wear this cologne . not on purpose but i always seem to find or smell men who wear this scent . my mother calls it sex in a bottle . the scent is light and pleasant but still smells like a man should smell
9881: real: neg ; predicted: pos
while bumble and bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products , this conditioner ( and i might add shampoo by the same name ) was a real disappointment . using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there was n't even a pleasant scent . do n't know where bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one . i 'm saving my $$$$$ for lush and frederic fekkai ! - gail cook
9882: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is an excellent story well told in script and action . however , it is quite different from the version i saw on a big theater screen . this dvd has speeded up the action and the english translation dialogue is presented in such rapid changes that it is virtually impossible to read and follow the dialogue . i was very disapointed in this dvd version and would not recommend it to friends
9888: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these are my experiences with the extender mounted to my eos 10d . i 'm currently debating whether or not to buy it for my new 30d , but it looks like i do n't want to risk wasting my money . let me explain : let me start by saying that the only reason i gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is because it did prevent my nose from smudging the lcd screen . i shoot events at nightclubs a lot , so i 'm always ( a ) running around to get shots , causing me to sweat , which causes a sweaty and oily nose tip and ( b ) i always show the subjects their photos after i take them , so having a smudgy screen can be kind of annoying . for further clarification , i 'm asian , so my nose is not as defined or long as other ethnicities . i run around a lot when i shoot . so the constant activity eventually led the extender to naturally fall off . i got lucky once , and found it in the general vicinity of where i was , but the second time , i was n't so lucky . so what did i do ? i purchased another one . not only did i have to purchase the extender , i had to purchase the viewfinder replacement ( the piece with the soft rubber ) because that was attached to the lost extender . another 2 weeks in , and again , same problem . i did n't even bother buying any replacements , as by this time , i upgraded to the 30d . if you do n't plan on doing a lot of running around , then this piece may be okay for you . however , please take into consideration that this piece also fell off for me while putting my camera back in my canon backpack . for some reason , the piece did n't fit tightly with the mount on the camera . another problem , as most people mentioned , is that images are very noticeably smaller through this extender , so be prepared to have strained eyes if you plan on using your camera all day . i guess i 'll check it out at my local camera shop and see how it fits with the 30d ; i 'll be sure to write another review if the results are different than with the 10d
9889: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my arms used to get so sore because i 'd blow-dry my thick , frizzy , curly hair for about 1 1 / 2 hours and then have to go over it again with a cheapy flat iron from wal-mart . after having a stylist at mastercuts use this on my hair and achieve even better results in under half an hour , i knew i had to buy this product . this is a great price considering at most places like trade secret , the iron alone can cost about $129 plus tax , plus the chi products are $15 and up . it 's a great value , and it benefits a great cause , so why not ? so if you have unruly , thick , curly hair - this is the product for you ! just be careful because it does get really hot - i burned my ear a bit . other than some common sense , anyone can use it and achieve great results . i tried messing with it to flip out my hair and curl it , and i 've almost got it down
9890: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this for my 3 children who are already taking computer classes in middle school . the license allows you to install it on 3 computers so for $130 its a great deal considering that a single license of a full version of office is couple hundred
9892: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i did not like this cd at all . there was not even one song that i liked . however , given the positive result the cd received , it may just have been my personal taste . i also got her new cds , and did not like those eithe
9894: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book provides excellent information about what rheumatoid arthritis is , how to distinguish it from osteoarthritis , etc. however , i do n't want to live with ra , i want to recover from it . as such , this book offers no help in this regard . it tells me about drugs that i can take and splints that i can wear to help me from becoming completely disabled , but offers me no hope of recovery . in contrast , the book " conquering arthritis " by barbara allan , is the well-researched account of someone who took charge of their health and fought to recover from the disease , to get their life back . and succeeded ! i 'm well on the road to recovery myself by applying the principles in her book . now that 's a book well worth spending your money on
9895: real: neg ; predicted: pos
so , yeah , it mounts in your bathroom with the suction cups , and once it 's mounted , it stays put pretty well . unfortunately , it has so far never actually been " fogless . " get a good shower going , and the mirror fogs up in record time . splash some water on it , and you can see yourself for half a minute , but overall , this is a disappointment .
9896: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really did n't enjoy the movie , but i had to finish it . the hypocrisy of faith and her sidekicks mirrored so many of the so-called fundamentalist that i know , but the ignorance and hopelessness of the others were terrifying . this movie presented a very perverted view of christianity . though there was alot of talking about jesus and saying his name , it was clear that no one in the entire movie actually knew him and spent time with him . when mary gets a revelation from something she believes is christ that opposed the actual word of god , she finds someone who is crazier than the average nut to confirm her decision . christ does not tell anyone to do things that goes against his word . no one actually reads a bible in the movie . consequently , most made many life-damaging decisions . i hated the " reality " of the movie , but it has challenged me to actually spend time with christ and learn about him . i shudder to think that i could live long enough to present such a twisted veiw of what christianity truly is .
9901: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do n't buy zone alarm if you use aol ; they are not compatable . the pop-ups will drive you crazy and aol wo n't work properly . also plan on your computer running much slower when this software is installed . i bought it from amazon and had to throw it away in a month.. . no refund ; money lost . norton is far better with aol
9902: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i wanted to buy a compact slim d-camera . those with larger zoom are quite bulky , you ca n't carry around all the time . i think a slim camera is a better choice . i slip into my pocket while wondering around and come across something nice and take a picture of it . you ca n't do it with a huge camera . after i made up mind about a slim camera , my choices were either casio exilim or sony dscw series . casio exilims are very sexy . they have a lot of mode scenes . they also function as voice recorder . you can take pictures of book pages etc. they have anti-shake capability which is said to reduce blurred images . i was almost buying a casio exilim . being a diligent person i wanted to search more and more . i found out that the so-called anti-shake feature is a bogus . many people found it useless . that was a good reason to choose casio . then i found the picture quality of exilim is not really good.i found some pictures taken with exilim . they were soft , not crisp colors . search the web reviews made by photo professionals . casio exilim is rated significantly less than sony in picture quality . with iso 200 noise was still detectable in most reviews . those same reviewers however found sony dscw doing a better job . there was no noise with iso 400 which means even in lower light condition sony did a better job ( less granularity in pictures with low light ) . big difference ! . one feature of sony that made it very attractive was its strong macro . it is 0.74 inch which means you can bring your camera 0.74 inch ( 2 mm ) close to an object ( say a bug ) and still take a brilliant picture of it . now comparison of exilim and sony to summarize : casio exilim anti-shake ( it 's a bogus ) slim lower macro ( 2.5 inches ) lower picture quality ( detectable noise at iso 200 ) a lot of scene modes quick shutter sony dscw series slim ( in fact it is slimmer ) higher macro ( 0.74 inches ) higher picture quality ( no noise in iso 400 ) not a lot of scene modes quick shutter so.....i purchased a sony dscw 7 mp. i took lots of pictures . they are all brilliant , detailed and crisp , true colors . i tried macro and took pictures of bugs . you can see the hairs on the legs of bugs . absolutely no noise whatsoever , no blurry . it 's a marvel of technology . i took pictures of fireworks in july 4th using high iso setting . they came out brialliantly like professional pictures . it also uses a different kind of battery that you ca n't buy at your grocery which can leave you vulnerable . so you may wanna buy a spare one ( about 40 bucks ) . but you can always recharge it . and it lasts much much longer than aaa or nimh batteries . it was a perfect choice . i highly recommend it .
9903: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i personally have not taken this diet pill ; however i am compelled to note the descriptions from folks stating that they felt " trippy " " weird " and " out of sorts " . britney spears had been taking this stuff for a while...then as we all know she went all " postal " , shaved her head , attacked photographers and just all around went out in left field and did n't return.....and we wonder why she did it...hummmm.. . none the less , the side effects like those reported i 've seen personally from close friends . they should re-name this diet pill asylum-x , because that 's where you 'll be . diet pills like these have a negative effect on the seratonin in your spinal fluids , and i do n't know about you but i 'm not comfortable with something altering my state of being....just something for you to " swallow "
9904: real: pos ; predicted: neg
either you get on the train or you don't ... and as long as you continue to get on the train , you 'll grasp the meaning of christmas . the true meaning of christmas . but you have to be willing to get on . this movie was a great adaptation of the classic story . i must admit i was a tad bit wigged out by the animation . it was just oogey in some ways . realistic at times and , at other times , so unbelievably fake.. . i could n't decide if i liked the animation or not . still can't . but the story itself is worth the struggle i had with the animation . get on board ! you 'll be glad you did .
9905: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it works , but it takes a long time to really trim it down . very low power , made of plastic . i do n't recommend this product
9908: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was shocked to open this book and find the author 's words targeting the very soul of my writing . it is a book about craft , not a pop culture & quot ; i wanna write a book&quot ; manual.gerard shows a great understanding of the motivation behind the need and desire to write well . he speaks to those who are willing to put effort and excellence where their pen meets the page.i heartily recommend this book
9909: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you need an experience of pure meaningless noise , this one 's for you . however , dont expect it to change your life much . the price listed above for the album is a very good example of the old cliche , " you get what you pay for .
9911: real: neg ; predicted: pos
well of course i read the previous reviews regarding amazon shipping the grey-market version of this timer and figured that certainly by now they were shipping a us version.. . wrong ! i just received mine today and it 's got the international warranty card and users manual . i have n't decided if i 'm going to return it or not but figured that anyone else considering ordering this item should be advised that it appears that amazon is only shipping the grey-market version of this unit
9913: real: pos ; predicted: neg
while not dissimilar to other excellent acts such as coldplay , keane , and pete yorn , travis have distinguished themselves as a band with their own unique style and sound . this , their 2nd album , is the best of their music : melodic throughout , with catchy tunes , solid lyrics , and tremendous guitar work that captures the listener from the first chords of ' sing ' to the fade-out from ' the humpty dumpty love song' . if you buy an album once you know three or four or more of its songs are excellent , then i confidently recommend the invisible band to you . rating each song individually for one 's ipod : 1. sing , side , the cage , afterglow and the humpty dumpty love song are each worthy of four to five stars 2. pipe dreams , flowers in the window , safe , follow the light , and indefinitely are three to four star songs 3. the balance are two to three stars each . the only poor effort is probably " last train " , which is too plodding relative to its counterparts the invisible band is basically a healthy mix of folksy , hopeful songs mixed with just the right amount of melancholy . nowhere is this better reflected than in ' the humpty dumpty love song ' , which defines this mix perfectly . while this is the best of the album , the rest is well worth listening to repeatedly . highly recommended
9914: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this a few months ago , and after about three or four shaves it stopped working properly . it yanks on the hairs instead of cutting them , which is very painful ! it does n't pull them all the way out , which is even worse because it means you have to go over and over the same spots if your desperate enough to continue . sometimes it works okay , but what good is a razor that only works half the time ? others here have noted the short battery life and change in sound when it 's losing power . mine does sound " slower " when it 's yanking the hair , but that does n't seem to be related to battery charge ( e.g. it can start the shave in evil hair-pulling mode , and then straighten up and shave right five minutes in ! ) even when not pulling hair , the shave is not close . definitely find a different razor
9916: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am in agreement with others here who indicate that 4.0 is a downgrade from 3.0. performance is very poor , especially the organizer . it 's depressing to see how fast alternative programs are , such as mac iphoto and even the canon software that came with my camera , compared to elements . recently , i 've been getting lots of crashes , though everything else on my system is completely stable . the only reason i gave it more than 1 star is it does have some nice functionality , when it works correctly
9918: real: pos ; predicted: neg
acronis true image 10.0 home is really great for making backups and moving entire partitions to a new disk . very easy , foolproof , and dependable . good product. . good price
9919: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the program is over what i expected . performance is great and such a useful tool
9921: real: pos ; predicted: neg
these paper towels are as good as any cheaper paper towels ; they are not cloth-like or super thick , but they are as good as any other paper towels you might find for the same price that are n't made of recycled materials . in short , they are cheap and better for the environment than non-recycled , chlorine-bleached products
9925: real: neg ; predicted: pos
being a pc user for many years ( since 1985 ) i have come through all the versions of ms operating systems ( does anyone out there remember 3.5 ! ) ms has also piggy backed this " robust " office product for 20 years . their upgrades are seldom anything more than a better looking toolbar . this is no exception , but this time i like the tool bar ! as to ease of use , i use powerpoint and word often and my spouse uses excel . if there were an easier product available we would buy it but then windows xp would kill it on sight and vista would stop working altogether . why does ms think that everyone but those working in a professional since ( hence office for professionals ) needs all the junk they subject us to ? do those guys in redmond still think adult users of the pc like " cute " things like little doggies wagging their tail or a friendly paper clip to help you answer your every question ! i am tired of beta testing ms products for so many years but as a pc user i am stuck with them and until someone else can come up with a better system , other than mac , we are all stuck with them .
9926: real: pos ; predicted: neg
one of the reviews i read before purchasing these suggested that the reviewer should 've had them for her celine dion concert . i took the suggestion and they were perfect ! they fit nicely in my evening bag and brought celine closer to me as i sat in the second mezzanine at caesar 's palace ! not only that - but the price was right ! i could n't be happier ! plus , now i have them for our next trip to rocky mountain park to get up close and personal to some wildlife
9928: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the case is protective and stylish without hindering the camera 's ability to store and transport easily . it 's definately worth the dough to keep your nikon s1 or s2 from scratching or even breaking from a minor fall
9929: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i first picked up this book because i 've always been interested in what young writers have to say . but i have to admit , even i was a little surprised . this story mind the mythicism , is a real representation of what young children 's minds sometimes go through . that idea of a person you fabricated , gaining more reality than necessary . congrats to ms. oyeyemi for her brilliant attempt to shine some light on this realm that few share conversations about . she is one i 'll keep in my mind for a while . if you like young writers , you should check out charles hedji 's fields of discovery . i 'm an avid reader once again
9932: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after using the dryer ( which i liked very much and did a quick job ) , i discovered that my hair was being ruined . it would break off in small 2 inch curved pieces . i stopped using it for a month and confirmed that was the problem because the lavatory was no longer filled with broken pieces of hair . i would like to return it and get my money back ! ! !
9934: real: neg ; predicted: pos
good lord , people must be busier than i thought . if you have n't been allowed to even think about your future after retirement , then maybe you will get something out of this book . for the rest of us , this is drivel
9936: real: pos ; predicted: neg
disappear fear 's music is both calming and uplifting at the same time . i especially enjoyed " laws of nature " because of it lyrics . ( it has a gay-rights lyrics ) does anyone know which one of the singers is gay ? i would be quite greatful for the answer . if anyone knows , would you mind posting it under the reviews here ? thanx that would be great !
9937: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this stuff does not work at all ! i tried this because it was the only one of the lens repair solutions that did n't have negative feedback , save yourself money and do not buy this product . it looks just like nail polish and leaves the same kind of film on your lenses
9938: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i first saw this movie on tv as a college student . i loved it so much that an old boyfriend went out and bought it for me on vhs tape . i have watched this movie so many times i 'm surprised the vhs tape is still working ! the actors are perfectly cast in the leads . they are so believeable in their portrayals that i could have gone to high school with them . the kissing scene is hot . clothes do n't need to come off for you to feel the hot wind of chemistry and passion that blows off that first kiss scene . the characters are not glossy , and that is what i love about john hughes . he portrays coming-of-age in all its naked and truest glory , not the perfect airbrushed schlock that has come out in later years . if you 're looking to see character development and great plot set to a great soundtrack , this is your type of movie
9939: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these glasses should not have the bushnell name on them , which misleads one to think they are good quality . i bought them for my son , and by the time i got around to sending them , i discovered that the plastic housing was cracked where the front lens screws in , so the lens was misaligned . it was past the 30-day return date , so i glued the crack and kept them for my own use . they are still not right , but i keep them in my car for occasional use . my advice - - spend some extra money and get a good pair .
9941: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this program is causing many people difficulties . i had to make two seperate calls to customer service .
9942: real: neg ; predicted: pos
maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the russian president and jack ryan are talking to each other through the computer , repeat is spelled " reapeat " . on top of that , the acting was horrible...this movie did n't take itself seriously enough . ben affleck sucked as much as he did in this movie as he did in pearl harbor
9944: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm usually a very skeptical person and i do n't trust too many things that say they will help you do this or that in a short amount of time . but these vitamins actually do work . it takes some time and they are pretty expensive but they work . so if you need something to help your hair grow you should buy these vitamins cause amazingly they do work and will show results . the only thing i hate about the product is the price . but if you have money and want help with growing your hair then you 're in luck . i 'm young and i do n't have alot of money so i ca n't buy these vitamins all the time . but if you have a steady cash flow then you 're in luck and they will totally help you
9945: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i think this is the best book that i have ever read . i thought that the civil war was very , very boring but when our class started to read bull run i knew that i was wrong . the way that paul fleischman writes he would leave you wanting to read more . from the way paul fleischman described the characters to the words that paul flesichman use to set the tone of the characters he just seem to draw a cool picture of what is going on in your minds eye . each character has a different story of the war and of life . i would suggest this book to anyone who is learning about the civil war . it supplies you with a lot of information you might not get in the history book and tells it in a way that makes you want to learn . this book was excellent from the first page i read . even though this novel is very brilliant , some people might not like it . if they can not wait to know what happens to a favorite character , like one of my favorite characters dietrick herz . he had the funniest voice i ever heard . when paul fleischman leaves you hanging he really leaves you hanging . but the only way to find out the ending is to read the entire book and find out what happens for yourself . and trust me it will be worth your while this truly is a magnificent book . the best that i have ever read and if i liked it then for surely you will love it too , trust me . before i read bull run i had only read books with one or two characters and this type of book was really , really new to me . i had to get use to it a little but since it was n't very hard to read it only took a short time to adjust to the bull run story by paul fleischman . some of the characters that i really liked was toby boyce because he had a good attitude on trying to learn how to use the fife . another was carlotta king because she had a very spunky voice in this story like how the yankees would get rid the of the law so that the slaves could be free and be in control of there own religion and what i mean by that is they can practice there own religion . another one of my favorite characters is vergil peavy . i think that he was my favorite character because of the way he sounds in the story . in the story he sounds like he 's from texas also the way how he talks about the war like they were the big war heroes . and my last favorite character is shem suggs because he was the lonly one who likes to talk about horses and to horses also what they are like who they should be with . shem suggs is the person who takes care of all the horses , that he watches pretty much like baby sitting the horses . but the reason i really really like him is because he minds his own business and does n't talk to people about the war and the politics all he talks to are his friends which are the horces . that is the reason why i like shem suggs the best out of all the other characters the best because he is smart
9946: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you are interested in a very traditional approach from a professional photographer , this book will provide lots of information . it also provides valuable tips about controlling the dog . but for my taste , i found the photographic results to be uninspiring - too much posing , too much portraiture lighting , not enough of just plain capturing that wonderful dog as it is
9950: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have not actually taken this underwater yet , but it appears to be well made and of similar quality to other cases . it keeps the over-all size of the camera / case down to a size that could fit into a bc pocket . on the downside , it does have only limited functionality of the camera through the available buttons . you can zoom and telephoto , change from camera , playback and to movie mode and shoot the picture . you cannot do any of the setup functions while it is in the case . regarding a stobe , sony makes one that looks a little cheezy . there is a " universal " strobe by sea life ( sl 960d ) that fits , but the fiber-optic trigger is just taped onto the flash of the camera . i 'm waiting to how this works . one replacement o-ring comes with the case-replacements from sony were outrageously expensive . color-correcting ( red ) lenses are about $100 from sony , but not needed if you use a strobe . ( unless maybe to shoot movies ? )
9960: real: pos ; predicted: neg
joan crawford had it . star quality . when i first saw her in ' grand hotel ' i was surprised how much i was watching her character instead of the equally riveting character played by the great greta garbo . both were stars . but crawford was able to project a different kind of sensuality than garbo - a vulnerability , a plucky girl-next-door quality . in humoresque , an older crawford was still able to achieve this level of performance paired off with the younger male star . let 's face it - women have a great advantage acting ( perhaps women are always acting ) - besides being better looking than men , they can emote more without going out of gender role . a distinct advantage vis-a-vis men who must restrict their emotional range or be accused of over acting . it 's a horrible thing to fall in love . and that is just what crawford 's character does . falls in love with the worst of all possible choices : a musician . musicians only love music . the music in the film is worth the price of admission alone . who amongst you would throw the first stone at a fine violinist playing ' zigeunerwisser ' or any of the other fine war horses of the classical violin repertoire ? she falls in love with the young ' artist of the month ' whom she offers to help jumpstart his career , renting a concert hall for his first recital . she is married to a wealthy but understanding man who loves her but lets her do what she wants - drinking , philandering ... most men do what she wants and accept her ridicule . the character of the musician does not ; he 's a tough new yorker who gives her as good as he gets - and she finds herself loving him despite herself . love is madness , and when he starts being successful with his concert tours but neglects to phone her for weeks , she falls apart emotionally . it is profoundly humiliating to realize someone else can hurt you badly simply by declining to keep in touch . silence is the perfect expression of contempt , is n't it ? she drinks , she mopes about her ' cottage ' in the hamptons , she is crazy in love with a man who does n't seem to reciprocate her feelings . in our time , she might see her doc and get a prescription for zoloft to be rid of the lovesick blues and of obsessive thoughts of him . but this is before thorazine , even , and she 's just out of luck there . so she drinks . drinking was the preferred way to deaden the unbearable pain of rejection in love in the days before designer drugs were available from your neighborhood spice man . to complicate things , her musician had an old girlfriend from the conservatory where he studied music as a young man . additionally , there was the dreaded ' american mom ' in full armor . she just had to tell this grown son of hers , repeatedly , that the woman he finally fell in love with was no good . she even slaps him upside the head as he shows her around his ritzy new apartment with a view ; it seems he has too many portraits of crawford 's character in view . that 's the way , mom . make your boy marry a good girl , like you , maybe . meanwhile , and i just love a line the character played by oscar levant comes up with at her cottage in the hamptons , " you 're not the kind of woman who lets her husband get in the way of her marriage . " a lot funnier said than written . levant did a lot of great piano playing in the film , dropping dozens of one liners like that . he almost stole several acts . this is a very forties film . in black and white . whatever happened to the colorization process ? oh , well . finally , mom tells the rich girl to keep her hands off her son . and dutifully , crawford 's character retreats to her cottage in the hamptons , gets drunk one last time , wades into the surf in a stunning , shimmering black cocktail dress and is never seen again . i told you love was dangerous ! her lover , after cancelling one measly concert out of despair at her death , decides not to ruin a promising career and returns to the concert stage . men ! emotional iqs of 30 , at most . well , that 's all folks . if your eyes were still dry at the end of this film , you 're safe - you 'll never fall in love
9961: real: neg ; predicted: pos
whomever decided on putting this box set together must have been smoking crack . since when did 8675309 / jenny become a classic rock hit ? are you kidding me....come on ! no hendrix , floyd , zeppelin . classic rock my arse
9965: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i like guru because it has a more natural feeling towards your body . after drinking monster all day , my body felt like a mess ( from the many unnatural chemicals it does to your body ) . there are so many energy drinks out there that have loads of chemicals , its harder to find stuff like guru and bawls .
9967: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great compact design . takes up very little room in your suitcase . rollers heat up & are ready to use in about 2-3 minutes like the product claims . sets hair better then most rollers ( and i have tried many ) . the only thing that i would change , is to add 2-4 more rollers . but i liked these rollers so much , i actually bought a 2nd set & use these at home over the 5 other sets of rollers i own !
9968: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i used to listen to a friend 's copy of the original " metal box " of ep 's , when it first came out . years later the " second edition " came out on lp 's for those of us who had n't sprung for the metal box before it sold out . eventually the second edition came out on this cd . so i finally could own a digital copy myself . pristine , audio quality at least as good as the original metal box in my opinion , if i remember correctly . you do need to listen to this . you do need to buy a copy and get other people to listen to this too
9970: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the unbelievable awfulness of the prose makes dan brown look like borges in comparison . naming characters " guard one " just shows you do n't even try to care . the plot is so hair-brained that just thinking about it gives me a headache - - i just learned , to my horror , that there are two sequels to this that turn the entire thing into a treatise on the end times . i 'd have loved to see what a capable author could have done with the premise , but it 's been ruined forever by.. . this . somewhere , baby jesus is crying
9974: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the perfect example of why black women and women in general are disrespected . lil kim is teaching generations of women to be nasty as you can be and to disrespect yourself . then to top all of this off she is still hanging on the coat tails of biggie , the ultra fantasy gangsta rapper . queen latifah never had to talk like this to get her name out or to make good music . this is ridiculous ! kim would be better off in a porn movie than in the rap game . please please please spare us and stop rapping
9976: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased turbo tax after reading the reviews here...someone had mentioned a glitch , but someone else mentioned a work around . bottom line , if you can sit down with all your records and do the whole turbo tax from start to finish in one swoop , you 're fine . but if you need to start and stop while completing the schedule 2 business aspects of your tax return , get ready for a huge problem...it does n't let you back in ! i went to their website where they had both a work around , and a report that if you update your turbo tax ( very easy ) the glitch will be fixed . not so , it did nothing for me . then i tried the workarounds...i got back in once but the next time i tried to use the work around a few days later , it did not work . i ended up having to call an accountant 1 week before the 17th and thank goodness i was able to get an appointment . also , if you have a business and do n't understand some of the tax workings , like depreciation , it is very difficult to translate your former accountant 's previous year 's work into the new turbotax . it 's not set up that way , so you need to know what you 're doing . i have a college degree and a lot of stick-to-it-ness , but i could not figure out and be sure that i was entering things correctly . and then , it did n't matter anyway , as i could n't get in to change anything in the end . finally , make sure you save , save , save as you go ! while doing my turbo tax and having spent a couple of hours already , i logged into their website to get some support . when i " x " ed out of the internet page , it closed my turbotax screen that i 'd opened on my computer . guess what ? it was all lost and i had to start from the beginning . that was before i was even impacted by the " glitch " later . this program does not remind you to save when you close , or ask you if you want to save , so be sure and save all the time ! so , good luck to anyone who tries this . for me , it was a huge disappointment and i am returning it to amazon for a refund due to the glitch . i honestly do n't know how they can sell something with such an obvious problem .
9977: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i got the hang on the 21% and all they could tell me at tech support is to shut down extra services . well the only services i had running was the security services ( firewall and antivirus ) . as an experiment i tried loading it on two computers set up identically . on one i shut down the antivirus and on the other i shut down the firewall . neither would install . so i shut down both on both computers and it installed perfectly on both . i cant believe that they want you to shut down security in order to install . makes me wonder. . " what are they hiding that they dont want me to know about " . i checked adaware and a registry cleaner and even ran my av again and found nothing but still.. . it makes you wonder . also the layout is very poor , so buggy they have many , many patches and updates . will not print forms correctly and want to charge you fees to e-file when it is free from the governments . they just want more money . in my opinion...do not waste your money on this crap . by the time you waste your money on getting this to work , you can get a professional to do it for you for less
9978: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have been using frontpage 2003 and decided that web expression web was the next stage in my website building hobby . it was easy to install , and i can still use frontpage 2003 on my existing websites . no need for frontpage extensions which will be a plus on one of the server hosts i use . also bought " using microsoft expression web " by jim cheshire . an excellent book . still have much to learn , but looks like fun
9982: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i just received my brush ( es ) hair dryer yesterday 3 / 9 / 07 ... tried it out today - for 5 minutes ... i absolutely hate it . it 's the worst , by far , hair appliance i 've ever owned . i guess you get what you pay for ... but i 've owned revlon products in the past , and this was absolutely the biggest waste of money . i cannot return it , because the return cost would be too expensive , too much trouble , and i guess it will go in the dumpster . i hate it - do n't make the same mistake i made . one big problem is that the bristles are so lousy - not firm and does n't grip the hair . just take it from this written testimony - it 's a piece of junk
9984: real: neg ; predicted: pos
plain and simple i 'm 32 years old and been dianosed with hbp since 15 years old . i 'm on three medication for hbp . i order this then i wait for it to come . i jjust happen to go to the doctor today , he takes my pressure and tells me its 113 / 100. when i arrive home one hour later , the device is waiting for me . i plug it up and it tells me my pressure is 101 / 75. sending the unit back
9985: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the first time ever i saw this group " amici forever " as they were singing " unchained melody " , i have confused that song like classical music . because , it was very familiar . actually , i did n't know exactly what 's that song that moment . finally , i knew that song is popular music i used to sing . so , laughed myself . it was brilliant and great performance i ever heared before . i bought dvd , too . and i recommended my friend and he also felt their singing like me . he said great and thanks to me
9990: real: pos ; predicted: neg
fraser 's film is truly a winner in production quality . his attention to detail by bringing in his theatrical savvy is a nonpareil . despite all the cliches that can be stated about this film ; eye-candy performers , lighting , fantastic musical score , and riske scenes , this film has visually appealing sequences . if anyone is interested in film and theatrical production , i would highly recommend the director 's commentary-you really get an insight to an artist in process . from the commentary , it seems that fraser will never be finished with this film : a mentale that i admire in an artist . art is a process and is never perfect . this is another one of those great modern plays that works very well for the film . getting to the roots of the human psyche is something films should continue into the future . this film does explore the 3 dimensionality of people . i did have a problem with the didacticism of the script however . though most writers try to leave it up to the audience to decide , i feel that the script gave little regard for wives who are victims of their husbands having gay affairs . i had to agree with another reviewer who titled his review as " selfish gay guy ruins a marriage " . ( on the other hand , cherilee taylor did a great job in combating this fault with the script ; she was n't quite the victim her character ultimately could have become . ) by the end of the film , i was wondering how violet was making it as a once again as single woman . from an audience 's standpoint , we did n't really see that . david and kryla make up , matt goes to illustration school , but what happens to violet ? overall , i would highly recommend this film . with such a great interpretation on the screen , it would be nice to see this staged once again in the lort theatres .
9992: real: neg ; predicted: pos
jack " deuce " cooper ( matt leblanc ) is a minor league baseball pitcher who 's got the goods , but no self-confidence . instead of looking up dr. phil , the team manager decides that a simian teammate is just what strike-out deuce needs for a boost . enter ed , a chimp who 's got more talent in his elongated little finger than the whole team put together . ed 's antics , including scarfing down chocolate-covered bananas and pulling toupees off of bald heads , were all " aped " by men in monkey suits and animatronics . unfunny slapstick makes this dvd a real strike-out . staci layne wilson author of staci 's guide to animal movie
9994: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it 's loud . you ca n't hear the lyrics nor the words . just a lot of loud noise . great if you want to damage your hearing
9995: real: pos ; predicted: neg
juice newton is one of the best counry-pop singers of all times . a great energetic voice and some real unforgettable songs . my personal favourites include the beautiful angel of the morning , the rollicking queen of hearts and the strong and sorrowful it 's a heartache after all these years , her work is unforgettable , catchy and full of energy and vibe
9996: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i thought this would be a good product for my computer . i did n't know that the only way to receive this product is over the internet via download . during the process the prompts for the internet download ask you to remove ( uninstall / delete ) all of your known antivirus , spyware , and firewalls from your computer prior to install . this leaves your computer susceptible when you receive an error message . i received an error message that prevented me from completing the download . i purchased the software on aug 3 and called customer support , they researched the problem and even took remote access of my computer to try and fix the issue . they were unable to do so and then passed me to the second level of computer technicans . microsoft guards its secrets well and has varying levels of technical support , those that know the basics and those that know more . they asked me to set up a time span when i would like to receive a call from the " teir ii " agents , i chose 6-9pm . i received several calls over the next two weeks , all of them were outside of the specified time . i missed several of them because i have a career and a life . when i finally spoke with an agent they again took over remote access of my computer and were also unable to solve the issue . here it was , two weeks after i purchased the software , i still did not have what i needed . i was also unable to surf the web because the download process requires you to delete all antivirus and firewall software . i called in several times druing the ordeal and the " teir i " agents just told me that i have to wait for the call , " they 'll get to it when they get to it . " i was very upset with the customer support , i have no idea how the product is , but the customer support is just horrible . go to the windows live onecare home page and search for the " post your own thoughts " page through member accounts , you 'll see that i 'm not alone in this issue . i have since purchased other software that cover what microsoft says it will with onecare . i did not have one problem with these installs . please be aware that you might have to purchase technical support if you cannot download due to a problem with your operating system ( seperate from onecare ) . this costs an additional $35 ontop of the cost for onecare
9997: real: neg ; predicted: pos
thought i 'd died and gone to heaven ; this lens was everything i wanted and more . three weeks after receiving it we went to the grand canyon , and on the way home it suddenly quit doing the focus - now it does a focus dance , clunking and whirring and never coming to rest anywhere close to focus . it 's not my d70 , which still works wth other lenses . this one 's going back to it 's maker ! if they fix it , i 'll revise this review
9999: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the mac version of turbotax premier , and i installed it on my mac with os 10.3.9. after doing my entire return , i clicked to e-file and received a message saying , " could not load attribute , " this error box gave me the options to continue ( which just took me back to the e-file page , which led me to the same error message ) or connect to intuit online support . the intuit support site said , " this error occurs when attempting to file electronically . if you are connecting through a router , try bypassing the router and filing again . if the error persists , it may be necessary to file by paper . we are currently working to resolve this error . . . . to be notified as soon as we have an answer , click here to sign up . " i do n't have the technical know-how to " bypass the router . " i also figured that if intuit had n't solved the problem by march 26 ( the day i was ready to submit my return ) , they probably were n't going to , even if i were willing to hold onto my return until i 'd received word they 'd solved the problem . so i ended up mailing in my return . if i 'd known up front that i would n't be able to e-file , i probably would n't bought the program .
10005: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the product came well-packaged and unopened . i really needed instructions on how to open the packaging . but once i got it opened and installed , the product works as well as promised . the set-up and ribbon menu is a lot more user-friendly than 2003. i downloaded the trial version that microsoft had offered , and i must say that this is the best office product offered by microsoft to date
10007: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ok - let me preface my comments by justifying the 2-star rating...it 's rodney dangerfield - he was a class act . as for the cd : if you 're looking for a few songs by a comedian accompanied by someone 's cheesy clavinova , then this cd is for you . i bought this because of the last track , " rappin ' rodney " , and boy was i disappointed . it sounds like it was recorded from an old worn out cassette . do yourself a favor - get all of rodney 's dvd 's with his standup material and remember him for what he was - a comedy legend
10009: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i did not finish the book ( i got about 70% of the way through before i realized i could not bear to read one more page ) . maybe the remaining part of the book would have been better , but i doubt it . this is the first time i can ever remember not even having even the slightest interesting in finishing a book . the characters were flat and plot went nowhere . please - there are million of books out there . spare yourself , and find something else to read . anything .
10012: real: neg ; predicted: pos
presumably the label is trying to cater to mid-range fans who have a prince album or two but do n't want to buy them all and who want more than a single disc hits collection . the way this is laid out though is confusing at best : disc 1 seems to be for the mid-range fan and it makes sense that they would choose the single edits though some of those chosen are questionable . ( " my name is prince " ? his take on " nothing compares 2 u " when sinead o'connor 's is definitive ? ) disc 2 compiles 12 " mixes and remixes and similar rarities..i.e . for the diehard only who has to have every little bleat his purpleness every records . bottom line : this is haphazardly thrown together . middle range fans are better off with the hits / the b-sides which compiles his biggest chart stuff with a pretty decent selection of interesting flip side material ( some of which equals his singles )
10013: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i received this item today and was surprised 1 ) it was shipped from overseas ( uk ) 2 ) it came with only one cd instead of two like a previous reviewer thought 3 ) no paperwork - it came in a clear case with no artwork , info , etc 4 ) sonic foundry sold acid to sony in 2003 ( according to sonic foundry 's website ) and sf no longer provides support 5 ) i ca n't get this to register online , which seems a little dodgy , but other than that , it seems functional . no huge library of loops , either . ca n't really say i got what i expected
10015: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when this show was on back in the day on fox i couldnt believe i was actually watching something i could relate to . there doesnt seem to be really that many tv shows that deal with dark and the real life experinces of real people . if ya ask me when it was on . it was actually something that gave me some relief . i deal everyday with some experinces re-lated to the show . its somewhat of a constant battle . enough about me . im really glad all 3 seasons are out . and im also glad i didnt have to wait many years either . one thing i didnt like about fox when titus was on they kept moveing it around . it wasnt fair for the show . then the next thing ya know there were some repeats then it was gone . im not really happy with fox cause titus still should be on tv or had a much longer run then it did . i hope chris shows up in something else soon . hes got one of those faces ya never forget
10018: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i wanted a cordless shaver because at my age ( 49 ) i need my glasses on to see the hairs i 'm shaving , and that does n't work well in the shower ! this braun is a good buy , easy to use , and works well if you follow the directions and shave slowly . it 's not as close or smooth as a blade and shaving gel , but it 's quicker and less mess , so i think it 's a good trade-off .
10020: real: pos ; predicted: neg
reading the reviews of this camera reminds me that cameras are tools . an imperfect tool in the hands of a master is much better than a perfect tool in the hands of a amatuer . i am not a master , but i do appreciate this camera for what it can do and what its limitations are . when you use iso settings higher than 200 you will see increased noise . i think it is a great little camera and i have used it a lot on my latest photo project . keep in mind one of the assets of this camera is its small physical size . this also means small optical lens = less light gathering ability . there is no way to compensate for this in the camera - so know this is a limitation and deal with it .
10022: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i used relacore for one week.....it did n't work the only thing it helped with was sleeping . the bottle says take one with each meal and i did by 3pm daily i was fighting to keep my eyes open . if you need help sleeping this is one too take . also i put on 3 pounds
10032: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i used this cream for three weeks , two times a day and it did make some part of my circles lighter - from brown it went to pink . but i skipped one day and it all went back . you pretty much have to be tied to it and keep using it two times a day
10033: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i could not force myself to watch this film in its entirety . i think i made it about 45 minutes in . despite many fine actors , esp . the always interesting jeff bridges , who brings a layered sadness to many of his roles , i simply could not connect and did not care about these people . it was this huge budget american movie shorthand : we 're supposed to care because we 've been given a snippit of a scene that reminds us of something else , but it just does n't work for me . if i do n't care this far into the movie , it just wo n't happen . visually beautiful , and sky high production values on costumes and sets , it is wasted in these disjointed storytelling . whoever cast the extras has wonderful faces , which the cinematographer and editor took full advantage of , but why do n't we get faces like that in the major characters . of course chris cooper has that kind of face , but many others ( esp . all the " size 2 women " in the supporting roles ) seem to have stepped out of a commercial . the chicago tribune called this film " sleek and beautiful . " i will completely agree with that , but so are music videos . i kept asking myself , what is wrong , what is misfiring ? i really wanted to like it . some of it is the short-hand story telling , but the look was almost too pretty . when the cinematography is this gorgeous , you want and need to linger on something smaller and deeper , or really take all the time you need to connect with something bigger -a mini-series . ultimately , i began wondering if the original length was much longer , and it was cut down so much that it became fractured , and if that is the case , my apologies to the director . this is the kind of film that makes me ponder , what is it that european film-makers " get " that we lose in our big budget studio films ? is the system itself hurting some films , by sanitizing and conforming them , when they need to stick out like an unruly horse 's nose at the starting gate ? very beautiful , but no connection , and not satisfying.. . well , that 's a lot of things in hollywood in a nutshell , is n't it ? there are lots of special features on this dvd , but if i ca n't sit through the film , i do n't care about the extras . so glad i borrowed this instead of buying it ! i hear the book is something wonderful.. .
10036: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm sorry , the above web address is incorrect . to get to the web page , type http : / / wolfsrain.animechains.net in your address bar . and again , do not type www in front of it . thank you
10037: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a fantastic holiday christmas album . doris day 's beautiful voice singing these terrific christmas songs make for a beautiful sound that will bring all who listen years of enjoyment . a must have for those who enjoy hearing terrific christmas music over the holidays
10045: real: pos ; predicted: neg
somehow - this movie touched my heart and my mind - and i am sure if ben and matt could figure out exactly what their formula was they would do it everytime . however - it just may be one of those once in a lifetime things - like first love - impossible to re-capture , and in a sense , haunting . i am not obsessive in any way but i have watched this movie at least twenty times - with each time revealing another layer of meaning - and with the movie becoming a place where i sometimes go for comfort . the synergistic combination of outstanding actors in their best roles - maybe their best ever - in combination with simply a great story most definitely puts this movie in a special category - so buy it and watch it . you 'll be glad you did . mik
10047: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after a very disappointing viewing of harry 's only you concert dvd , i got smart and borrowed only you cd from the library . i 'd hoped that concert was just one off . how sad , this cd is no better than that wretched concert . slooooooooooooooow from the start to finish . and what happened to harry 's voice and phrasing ? god , unbearable . when harry met sally , come by me , what happened to you , harry
10048: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this album iz off da freakin chain ! ! ! ! ! great music and grace slick iz the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a must have ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
10049: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i went from taking the camera out of its packing to taking professional quality pictures in twenty minutes . it 's amazing
10052: real: neg ; predicted: pos
..and what 's the point ? all of these songs ( minus a few ) are on the anthology , along with countless others . the beastie boys did n't put this out , their record label did . it 's just way for corporate to make money . if you consider yourself a real beastie boys fan , that is you 're interested in all the other music they made that was n't put on radio , then do n't buy this . if you occasionally heard them on the radio and fight for your right is your favorite song , then go ahead . the beastie boys are much more than just their greatest hits . to fully appreciate them , you have to listen to an album all the way through .
10053: real: neg ; predicted: pos
temperance brennan is an american forensic anthropologist .the author is a anthropologist in real life and i feel she gave to much detail as to body parts & conditions , & locations in the book , and in about the 3rd chapter to much time and space is wasted talking about " gabby " including in detail where gabby lives and details that surround the outside of gabbys place & how gabby and tempe were friends from grad to man parts in life . book was not for me i dropped it at the 3rd chapter .
10056: real: pos ; predicted: neg
you will never look at these birds the same again - fansinating
10057: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this album is just non-stop funky . i originally got it just because i loved living in america when i first heard it - but i was pleasantly surprised to find the rest of the cd just as good . check out turn me loose i 'm dr. feelgood , let 's get personal , and gravity - they 're among the best on the cd
10058: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have a powerbook , an imac , and an emac at home that are used in different ways . the kids use the emac for school work , and my wife & i use the other 2 macs for home business . although most school work was required in ms-powerpoint or ms-word , exporting from iwork ' 06 pages and keynote was very simple to do with 90-95% accuracy . our kids said they just do minor editing at school before submitting the work . for home business , we use pages to do our proposals , bills , and receipts . and use keynote for presentations . one thing that i thought was amazing , is the fact that i can display the notes and the succeeding slide on my powerbook , while projecting just the current slide for the customer to see . for the price of the family pack , we were licensed to use iwork ' 06 on 5 macs on the same network . the cost fitted our budget perfectly . the only thing i wish was available in keynote was timed transition ( example : after 3 seconds show bullet#1 , after 5 seconds show bullet#2 , after 2 seconds show the chart
10061: real: pos ; predicted: neg
all there products are great ! they smell good and are good . lathering is a more work but thats because they 're natural . i use them on my babies and toddlers
10062: real: neg ; predicted: pos
therese , lux , mary , bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls , ages 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17. cecilia , the youngest , lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors . as a cry for help , she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub , she survived the incident . after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr. and mrs. lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age , mr. and mrs. lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party . some of the neighborhood 's boys are invited over and while the party is in session , cecilia is pretty inanimate , sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt , talk and laugh . midway through the party , cecilia asks to be excused and mrs. lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it . cecilia goes up to her room ( on the second floor of a two-story house ) and jumps out the window , landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house . in this way , cecilia lisbon commited suicide . only four girls remain . the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed . the father saw her immediately , the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum . four of the lisbon 's neighbors , four young boys , suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls , who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world . they got hold of cecilia 's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide . the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer , and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window , she thought she would fly . with their youngest sister gone , the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other , stranding themselves further from the outside world . when school starts again , they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened , not ever mentioning their youngest sister . the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however . the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word " death " and the like . trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school , the object of desire to all of the girls at school.. . except for the lisbon girls , which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux . trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty . in the beginning , he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she 's not interested . but after his consistent courtship , lux falls for his charming ways . trip then attempts to convince mr. lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming . after mr. lisbon talks to his wife , he agrees to trip 's request , knowing nothing but trip 's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions , on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew . after trip explains the situation to his football peers , he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely . meanwhile , the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance . though one pattern is used for all four dresses , each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail . once they pick up the girls , they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke , lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke . they then drive to the dance . trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol . another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow , but leave soon afterwards , not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux . at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew , they are all there.. . except for trip and lux , who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field . deciding they must make their own curfews , therese , bonnie , mary and their dates leave without them . after fooling around , the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium . trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone . when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there . she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick ( of course ) . but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence . the girls , in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world , begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives . one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls . soon following , the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone . one day , the girls invite the boys to come over once mr. and mrs. lisbon are asleep . the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere , the boys hastily agree . they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car . the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese , bonnie and mary , verbally expressing their hopes for the night . but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters . she had hung herself . the boys , scared to death , run all the way home . time passed , things changed , girls came and went.. . but no matter what , those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides . ultimately , the movie was nothing short of queer . when trying to sum up the story in a few lines ( such as " follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors . a story full of obsession , gossip , lust , love , desire and isolation . " ) the story sounds quite unique and intriguing , but the story fell short of that for me personally . partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation . the movie , in places , is also extremely flawed . i do not believe mr. and mrs. lisbon could 've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services . in many parts of the movie , they should 've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences . the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored . i would only suggest this film to , perhaps , people who like movies such as " elizabethtown " which kirsten dunst is also in . but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
10064: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the bars look like mudpies , are very dry , and all three " flavors " taste the same , meaning that they do n't have much flavor at all . i much prefer certain flavors of balance bars . the only good thing about these clif bars is that i do n't get hungry for several hours after eating one
10072: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i first put this dvd in i noticed that they cut away the opening , then the movie starts and i ca n't believe my eyes as the quality of the dvd is even lower than my vcd version , this is just frustrating to watch . the subtitle cannot be change or removed since it is fixed onto the movie , the subtitle is in chinese and english use at the same time , the quality of the image is so below par that the subtitle at times ca n't even be read . another thing is the audio , you ca n't switch between cantonese and mandarin like on my vcd , yes this too was fixed to cantonese only . there is no extra features , you might as well buy a vhs tape , which would probably be an improvement on the picture quality . it does look like they tranfer this movie from an overused vhs tape with no other intention then to sell it to unsuspecting & quot ; customers&quot ; ( read victims )
10075: real: neg ; predicted: pos
why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .
10078: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is no saw 85-92 as some people compare it to . oh , no . this is a largely unfulfilling listen . the tracks all sound too similar . i realize richard 's concept was to just utilize anlaog gear , but the drum programming and harmonic " development " is lackluster . only track worth burping over is the last one.. . xmd something . has he been taking piano lessons since druqks ? for those that want some new electronic music that packs a punch , check out nick forte 's new release " young man 's disease " which is better than anything else i 've heard this year .
10080: real: neg ; predicted: pos
looking at the liner photos makes clear that falkner is the prettiest thing this side of n sync ( and does n't he know it , especially in the shot of him being served what appears to be a large dose of johnnie walker black by a leggy bunny flight attendant ) . which raises the question : is this the recond a boy band member would turn out if he got the idea he was an artist ? not to put too fine an edge on it , let 's say bluntly that this is a vanity project by a middling talent . falkner does everything on the cd and my reaction is so what ? his voice is mediocre ; his lyrics are banal ( & quot ; life can be just like a painting full of wonderful strangeness&quot ; ) or precious ( & quot ; suspended on this stage of grace i have to remember this sound&quot ; ) ; the layers of sound he tracks down are just that - - layers of sound , with a disspiriting sameness song after song . give him two stars simply because he can do all the stuff on the record , but this guy needs to become a whole lot less full of himself and to spend a year or two listening to , say , chrissie hynde and john hiatt cds . we 'll let him come back then and try to write and play some adult love songs
10084: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging " palm kernel oil " as an ingredient . do n't buy anything with palm kernel oil , cocoa butter , and anything hydrogenated ! ! no matter how many " organic " things are added to it . for many years now , it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease . the world health organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases .
10088: real: neg ; predicted: pos
unfortunately , this application includes only a mac os 9 ( not the mac os x as advertised ) version . i cannot review the cds in general , as i cannot run them . why did they re-publish the 1998 software in 2006 , again in mac os 9 ? frustrating
10089: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great collection of the many " atom bomb " songs that are in movies such as " atomic cafe " , dr. strangelove , and other films of the genre . i highly recommend this to anyone who collects " bomb " memorabilia
10090: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am a huge u2 fan and this is the best concert i have ever seen . this concert is simply unbeliveable . it proves to all those stupid people that the belief that u2 were only good in the 80s and 90s is a load of garbage . u2 's still got it . this concert proves it . if you do n't think u2 's good anymore , go watch this concert . all that you ca n't leave behind is a good album . maybe not as good as joshua tree and achtung baby but it is still good . how to dismantle an atomic bomb left a little to be desired . and for the stupid guy at the beginning of these reviews ( i think it was the first one ) what do you mean bono was supporting homosexuality ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? when he kissed edge , it was representing the betrayal of jesus christ . look up the lyrics to the song that they were singing , " until the end of the world . " " i took the money.. . i kissed your lips ( face in the concert ) and broke your heart . " bono represents judas iscariot in the song . also , if you still do n't believe me and think this is some love song or something , watch any u2 concert with this song - almost all of them show bono doing a little devil-horn thing , usually after kissing edge ( christ ) the only thing i agree with in that guy 's review is that edge really is the spirit of the band , not bono . i love the delay that edge uses in his guitar . and i hate how when people think of u2 they think of bono . bono 's fine but i love how edge plays . anyway , go read his review if you want to find out more . just do n't listen to that homosexuality crap . anyway , this concert is awesome and i could just watch it over and over again . in fact , i 'm actually watching it tonight ! great show - makes you feel like you 're actually there . u2 is a wonderful band with good christian messages in their songs and i ca n't wait for their next album and concert to come out
10093: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am finding that it is not so diffucult to navigate my way around the new programs of excel , word etc. opening up files - it tends to be a bit sluggish . on the plus side i found word 2007 seems to do a much better job of lining up indents . in word 2003 our indents were sometimes off by a half space which bothered us .
10094: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it puts out a cloud of water vapor and it 's not all that noisy but i had no idea i 'd be spending so much time each day taking the humidifier apart , wiping it down , trying to insert my hand inside the tank to wipe that down , refilling the tank twice a day , and wondering why this humidifier does n't have an automatic shuftoff in case i forget to turn it off . at least the filters and cleaning cartidges are easy to find . however , this is too much like an unwanted hobby so i 'll be looking for another way to raise the relative humidity in my room
10095: real: neg ; predicted: pos
let me tell you , shayne ward is just one of those pop singers who only go by looks , if he looked like shrek he would not be anywhere today , face it girls your only buying this because you fancy him . look at justin timberlake , where is he today , they go and move on , and thats what shayne will do except alot faster . this song is so rubbish , the thing i hate so much is that he did n't even write this ! so its not his own material , and let me take you in on a little secret he does not care about this song , its not like these lyrics mean anything to him , as he did not write . and on " no promises " thats even worse than this , yes he might of wrote it i do n't know , but does the song have depth , or is it just a plain old expected pop song . by the way it 's the second one . shayne ward has no protential , neather does anyone who comes of x factor , its all just one big [...
10097: real: neg ; predicted: pos
chris bohjalian is a gifted stylist , and it pains me to give this book such a low mark . it 's hard to say much without giving away the plot , but i found the plot contrived and manipulative - - too clever for its own good . the book started strong , but as the main character became more disassociated with reality , i became more disassociated with the book . i finished it , but it was a struggle
10099: real: neg ; predicted: pos
owned for 2.5 years . finaly broken . " the conair often feels as if it is pulling your hair rather than cut it " - totaly agree
10104: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this scale for my wife ( ya , i 'm that sort of guy ) ! she 's definitely not heavy , but ' concerned ' and a follower of weight watchers . i was shocked to read various scale reviews prior to purchasing this one and find so many that did not weigh accurately ! well , this one was highly rated by most reviewers for accuracy & they are right . this scale is very accurate in determing a person 's mass ( sorry , i was a physics major too ) and confirmed at her weight watchers ' weighings . as for it 's accurate determination of " body fat " and " water " , i ca n't say , but feel these are a bit gimicry anyway . as for my wife , she loves the scale & me . although , her love for me covers over many poorly chosen gifts , so i 'm not absolutely sure about her love for the scale . however , i do know she uses it ever day and enjoys telling me of her victories
10107: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was just using this tape and ended it half-way through to write a review . the cueing stinks and is frustrating . i am just getting back into exercising after a few months off and have been using firm tapes on and off for about 15 years . this one seems effective but annoying because there is no cueing . stephanie changes moves constantly and just says the name of the move while she is doing and it is so frustrating . you want a work out where you actually work - not waste your time trying to read the instructor 's mind and falling all over the bench !
10112: real: neg ; predicted: pos
bayer is a name-brand aspirin . any brand-name drug will cost at least double of that of the equivalent generic aspirin . i give this a one-star rating not because it is a poor product , rather , because it is so expensive . the dosage is 81 mg , taken to thin the blood to prevent heart attacks and strokes ( generally taken by older individuals who perhaps have arteriosclerosis , have had a heart attack or stroke ) . aspirin is a wonder-drug , the very first analgesic / anti-inflammatory medication to hit the market over 100 years ago . it is for mild to moderate pain and treats many different conditions such as arthritis , bone inflammation , joint pain , and even reduces fever . aspirin causes blood platelets to not adhere to each other , thus it " thins " the blood and prevents blood clots from forming . aspirin is thus used in emergency treatment of heart attacks and strokes . some folks take a " baby " aspirin ( 81-160 mgs ) each day to prevent blood clots from forming . aspirin is actually acetyl-salicylic acid . manufacturers alter the structure of aspirin slightly to grant it different properties in terms of its digestion , to make digestion easier . some buffer it with antacids while others coat the tablet with a coating that prevents its digestion in the stomach ( like ecotrin ) . regular aspirin , without any buffering or coatings is tolerated by most people , but some cannot take it without severe stomach upset . for these folks , the buffered form is a god-send . unfortunately , aspirin fell out of favor in the 60 's and 70 's when reye 's syndrome developed in some children ( under the age of 16 ) who took aspirin while they had the flu and / or chickenpox . about 30% of the children affected died and many more had permanent brain damage . because of reye 's syndrome , alternate analgesics were placed on the market , the premier being tylenol . there is no reason to fear using aspirin if you are an adult , as reye 's syndrome only occurred in children under 16 years of age . the usual dose of aspirin is 350 mg , with the " extra-strength form at 500 mg . most adults will easily tolerate a dose of 650 mg ( 2 tablets ) every 4 hours with a maximum daily dose of 5 , 200 mg . ( some with rheumatoid arthritis take up to 7200 mg / day with a doctor 's supervision ) . there is no additional benefit to taking more than 1 , 000 mg every 4 hours . increasing the dose beyond this point will only increase the toxicity of aspirin . aspirin should be avoided in people taking blood-thinning medications , those with stomach ulcers , and used with caution in insulin-dependent diabetics . allergies can develop to aspirin as well . never mix aspirin with any of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatories , such as ibuprofen , as there is no pain benefit and the gastric upset chance is greatly increased . do n't mix aspirin with alcohol either , as it is hard on the stomach . used properly , aspirin is a terrific medication . i prefer to buy my aspirin in a generic form . one pays more for aspirin if it is produced by a name-brand manufacturer . however , the big-manufacturers also package aspirin in some of the buffered forms that some people tolerate better . jim " konedog " koenig
10114: real: pos ; predicted: neg
first of all , let me say this product is great in almost every way . so if you need to feel better about your nose and / or throat , go for it . my main complain about the grossan hydro pulse is that it is noticeably expensive . some time ago , grossan was making just his own irrigator tip matching it to a waterpik machine that cost a half the price of the hydro pulse . but then , grossan decided to produce his own machine and , if i 'm right , viajet is making it for him . viajet sells the same machine , except for the grossan tip , at about -again - a half the price of the hydro pulse . the breathe-ease solution that you might use along with the irrigator is also expensive ( i have check this comparing it with a simillar product that can be purchased in my country ) . so what makes the hydro pulse so expensive ? maybe health is a business , after all . other than that , like i have said , this product is great for almost any respiratory problem . i used to irrigate my nose with a similar solution that comes in a 135 ml bottle , and is intended to use it over 50 times . the hydro pulse lets you do a 500 ml clean everytime , so you get the idea . also , if you are suffering respiratory problems and want to chek an interesting drug-free treatment , look for the buteyko method
10116: real: neg ; predicted: pos
in installed this product on a dell optiplex gx110 ( admittedly not the latest , but still a very standard machine ) running windows 2000 with 512mb of memory . in spite of spending literally hours with the software i was unable to get it to produce an outline or dimensioning of a wall being drawn by dragging the mouse , as clearly illustrated in the accompanying video . without this feature it is virtually impossible to efficienctly produce exterior or interior walls . multiple emails to broderbund have produced autoreplies suggesting that i refer to their website for help . this site is essentially worthless for all but the most fundamental problems ( like not being able to read the install cd ) . it would also appear that this product is picky about the hardware it supports and also the version of driver . be prepared for possible frustrations with this product , with little support from the manufacturer . i cannot report on other features of the software because i was never able to produce even the walls of a structure
10124: real: pos ; predicted: neg
joe bonamassa is a blue / rock musical phenomenon that is awe-inspiring to anyone who will take the time to listen to his music . in his musical style / class , i would count him the second greatest musician on the planet - with walter trout weighing in first place . as you can easily see from all of the other reviews , i believe that you will find this cd well worth purchasing - as i have found all his material is . ( after purchasing this item , i eventually went on to purchase everything he produced and have n't been disappointed . ) as with any cd , you may not like all the selections but i believe the vast majority of his material you will . among my favorites on this cd are : ` pack it up ' , ` you upset me baby ' , and ` man of many words' . bonamassa is an extraordinary adept and versatile musician . since he is young and gifted , we can expect many more superb cd 's in the future . highly recommended
10125: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a good collection , 15 of supertramp 's best songs and the best single-disc collection of theirs you will find . the sound is great and there are no filler songs , here , they 're all great to listen to . highly recommended
10126: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" venom " is one of those movies i thought i would hate because i heard so much negativity about it but i really enjoyed it , being a fan of the 70 's and 80 's slashers i crave newer versions because i have seen all the other ones over and over again . venom did not disappoint me . it starts off with action and never lets up.i found it to be one of my favorite new horror / slasher flicks , the voodoo angle was good but not overplayed , i 'm simple in that i want to see a killer with an axe , machete butcher knife etc not a bunch of supernatural mumbo jumbo..i do n't want to have to wonder " was that a dream or was it real~ ! ! " as so many movies these days play off of . give me an old fashioned slice and dice and i 'm in heaven.and venom gave me that , so i hope to see venom 2 , if so , i 'm there ( for the record , mr jangles used the hook & chain before kane in see no evil.. . ) ..
10127: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the dead were primarily a live road band , but on this and the other great album from 1970 ( american beauty ) the band proved their mettle in the studio , moving into less spacey territory . the music reflects their range , from country and bluegrass to folk , blues and rock . superb . ps . their early studio effortsanthem.. . , aoxomoxoa ) were also noteworthy experiments , but the music was n't as powerful as the live interpretations
10138: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first novel written by stephenson , and it 's a satire on college dorm life . pointless , rambling , and bizarre . it 's a good thing he 's improved his writing over the years , as this one stunk
10139: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my grandfather found a vial of old spice in his navy kit when he joined in 1943. he continued using it after the war and my father picked it up when he himself came of age . i began shaving about ten years ago and choice was obvious : old spice is conservative and masculine , distinct and time-honored . it 's not a trend ; it 's a statement of manhood . if proctor & amp ; gamble obliges , my own grandkids will be using it
10144: real: neg ; predicted: pos
you get your money 's worth here- -there are a ton of cds in this audio book . unfortunately , i found bryson 's prose ( which i enjoyed a lot when reading silently , as i have done with his other books ) to be greatly irritating when spoken aloud . to me , he sounds kind of ' affected ' in parts , and sometimes there is a sort of " moist " sound when he pronounces words . hard to describe until you hear the cd , but trust me on this one . i think a lot of the positive reviews on here are for the book , and not the cd . i would stick with the written word on this one .
10145: real: pos ; predicted: neg
took the camera bag on vacation and it came in very handy . i carried both my camcorder and my regular camera in the bag . it has plenty of pockets for storage and the main space inside is flexible ( has a divider you can place where ever you want ) so you can secure cameras however you wish
10146: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased the upgrade since i 'd already bought both office v.x and virtual pc 6.1 last year . the biggest letdown is that microsoft 's promised support for the g5 is nearly non-existent . i have a dual processor g5 with an ati radeon 9800 card ( apple ) , and after trying to install virtual pc 7 three times , i cannot get a vm to work . it did install ( and work ) flawlessly on my g4 powerbook . googling for reviews finds it 's very hit or miss , but if ( when ) it misses , you 'll regret investing the extra $$$ in an immature product
10149: real: pos ; predicted: neg
got this on ebay for $18 last year - a great deal . i am only bothering to rate this as it seems ridiculous that is rated below two other rather shoddy grant collections because of the holiday backlash . objectively rating the content instead of the marketing would work for me
10150: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you adore the intellect and see in it the only way to the highest , purest , and most divine knowledge , than this is your book- -but it is n't mine . page after page of speculation about the higher realms open only to a mind freed from the crude considerations of the flesh....i kept hoping that plotinus would realize his vision and disappear before finishing , but it did n't happen
10151: real: pos ; predicted: neg
you do n't have to be a fan of & quot ; old&quot ; hollywood to enjoy this wonderful book about a famous restaurant and its even more famous clientele . fascinating stories accompanied by wonderful pictures . this is only enhanced by the actual recipes of this great restaurant . a wonderful coffee table book that will start conversations about movies , movie stars and great food
10153: real: pos ; predicted: neg
after being into the " techno " scene since my first party in 1993 , this is one of the best videos i have seen describing the dj feelings . you really get a feel for how a dj thinks . if you at all interested in the dj lifestyle or are interested in djing this is a must have . it have great insights in the minds of some of the best djs around . plus nigel richards does a great job with the " how to dj " part . not only is this for the " newbies " but for those who have been around a bit . plus he makes learning fun with his comments and body mannerisms . wow that sounded like an infomercial
10155: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ok , the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character...something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters . the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
10160: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am underwhelmed with the dvd-rom from britannica . it ia a waste of time and money . their main object is to sell britannica with snatches to create interest.these dvd-roms should be sent free to arouse interest . i now own two dvds and both are unsatisfactory .
10161: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i just finished seeing the movie and loved the song at the end and immediately started looking up amazon for this song . thanks to melania for pointing out the song title at the end . i realize this cd is just a soundtrack , but typically most soundtracks also include the ending songs . it is just plain dumb not to include the best music in this cd . my vote - do not buy this cd . the soundtrack is all pretty generic stuff . but get the ending title song if you can - it 's great .
10164: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i had a chance to read this book cover to cover . all i can say is & quot ; absolutely outstanding&quot ; , short of calling it a historical masterpiece in the field . very rarely do i encounter an epidemiology or biostatistic textbook that reads so well . it is optimally reader friendly ; the author appears to have such a talent in explaining some most sophisticated epidemiological and statistical concepts in such a simplified language . yet he does not sacrifice the inclusion of some very advanced epidemiological and statistical concepts . new concepts such as causal graphs and instrumental variables are also included and explained beautifully . i strongly recommend this book to all early to intermediate graduate students majoring in epidemiology . established epidemiologists may wish to read this book to refresh and update their knowledge . i hope the author writes more textbooks with the same style
10165: real: neg ; predicted: pos
in an email , adorama specified that the filter diameter was , " 28mm . " on the amazon.com website is states that the same filter is a 55mm filter mounting ! either they do n't know their products or they do n't care about the customers . now i have to return it because of faulty information they supplied . please beware that their shipping charges equal approximately 25% of the purchase price - an amount i feel is beyond absurd . i can buy this locally for a lot less ( even though i would have to pay sales tax ) . buyer beware
10167: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i purchased this camera so i could photograph wildlife on hikes . i needed something that was not too heavy , was image-stabilized , with telephoto power . this camera meets all those requirements . it does have one problem , however . in bright light , the viewfinder blanks out , so one cannot clearly see the object to be photographed . i have solved that problem to some extent , by pointing the camera at the object , and letting the autofocus do the rest . this " fix " has resulted in many excellent photos . like many other small cameras , the results tend to be contrasty , and i modify this tendency in photoshop
10175: real: neg ; predicted: pos
from the twang of his guitar to the cowboy hat perched on his head , george strait is totally and completely revolting . i mean , for goodness sake the man 's like 100 years old ! how much longer is it going to take for everyone to realize that ? if you like this kind of music , please go to charter before you 're beyond help . take this as a warning-do n't buy the cd
10179: real: pos ; predicted: neg
while this dvd was obviously filmed in the early 1970s with the picture quality to match at times , the genius of david bowie shines through . as adults too young to remember or have seen ziggy stardust , it was an amazing look at the time period . the sound quality is suprisingly good , although some camera angles are distracting at times . it was also neat to hear bowie 's pronouncement of " this is our last tour ever . " little did he know.. . this dvd is worth every penny . rock on
10182: real: pos ; predicted: neg
most people that like wes anderson 's films are rabid fanatics , and i 'm no exception , so when the chance came to buy his first feature-length film for $7 , i snapped it up . if you enjoyed life aquatic or the royal tenenbaums , you 'll enjoy this , on some levels , too . many of anderson 's classy touches are already in evidence in this film . the story is fun , and the characters are well-developed . yeah , pretty much buy it if you like the wilson brothers or wes anderson . the high point of the movie is certainly luke wilson 's character , masterfully done even in his first role .
10184: real: pos ; predicted: neg
' torzk ' ( ' abandoned ' ) is a brilliant hungarian film written and directed by rpd sopsits that takes us back to hungary of 1960 when the oppressive communist rule altered the lives of everyone , especially children . the quality of the film is absolutely first rate from story to acting to filming to scoring . it may be a tough film to absorb and certainly not for the easily offended , but it is a perfectly honed gem of a film that deserves wide audience exposure . ron ( tams mszros ) is a young lad whose life seems warm at first until suddenly a disease of vision impairment attacks his mother and his parents divorce : the mother is somewhere in a hospital and the father ( sndor gspr ) beats the boy and eventually turns him over to a rigid orphanage for boys run by cruel taskmasters . ron undergoes initiation tactics by his fellow orphans but despite the beatings he is strong enough to survive . he is befriended when he has his nightmares about his mother 's blindness by his friend atilla ( szabolcs csizmadia ) and the two bond emotionally and physically . in this bleak atmosphere a little light comes from the beautiful young housekeeper anya ( krisztina somogyi ) but even her contributions are compromised by the cruelty of the staff . there is one ' teacher ' in the orphanage school , nyitrai ( lszl glffi ) who has been reduced to his position as an ' imprisoned one ' by the government and his sadness is offset by his playing his cello and studying his beloved astronomy . nyitrai offers ron solace and introduces his ' fellow traveler ' to the glory of the stars , giving ron a map of the heavens that ron cherishes - his window to a world beyond the dark confines of his prison-like orphanage . he gradually wins over his fellow orphans and when nyitrai , in the pit of depression for his life situation and the cruelty of the orphanage and the government , hangs himself . this horrid incident drives ron to organize an escape from the orphanage , an event that is ultimately fractured with a death for which ron feels responsible . and the end of the film fades into the many possibilities that event could trigger . the atmosphere created by the stunning cinematography by pter szatmri defines the darkness that represents the orphanage well but also suggests the darkness in hungary of that period . the musical score by pter fejcsik , tams grgnyi , ferenc toma , and balzs winkler is some of the most beautiful composed for the screen , making tremendously effective use of the cello and lower strings . in all , this is a brilliant piece of filmmaking , acted with depth in every role , and unveiling a portion of history and tragedy too often pushed to the background of our books . highly recommended . grady harp , march 06
10187: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it never ceases to amaze me how often gillette comes out with new gimmicks to take more money from it 's loyal clientele . the fusion is a classic example , from overpriced shaving gel to a much overpriced razor which quite honestly gives you the same shave as a sensor excel . do n't buy into the hype , the fusion is an expensive joke of a product .
10188: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i wanted to buy this for my daughter . i wanted to combine a traditional record book with fill-ins with my new scrapbooking hobby . the outside is precious , but once you open it , the pages are like a black and white newspaper material , and they have no structure what so ever . the pages are boring and do n't look very durable
10190: real: pos ; predicted: neg
...in the beginnig of the 1930 's , the turks would have succeeded in making the whole world forget about the armenian genocide that took place in 1915 / 16. turkey did succeed in putting pressure on the us-government in 1933 though , when a movie was supposed to be made based on this book , so the then us-government again put pressure on mgm not to make this movie . a foreign government coerced censorship in the unites states : just imagine that ! i hope the the making of the movie
10193: real: pos ; predicted: neg
in the days of the arcades there was a good movie that came out ( and funny enough had a great arcade game ) called krull . now mind you , i really had no idea what this movie was all about before i saw it ( when i was a whole bunch younger ) just saw the 5 bladed " glaive " and was sold but now as an adult i find i still like this movie and it reminds me of a true dungeons and dragons style adventure then almost any other movie ( including those terrible scifi d&d movies ugh ) it starts off with a prince and of course a princess yes been done before many many times but then in come the slayers and from then on its a totally different experience . with such ultimate favorites as the emerald seer , the widow of the web and the cyclops and of course the shapeshifting ( a bit daft too ) wizard with some very strange habits ( i dare not tell you so as not to ruin it ) but this is a classic movie and it will be good for generations to come . pros : cool effects ( for the time ) good story well done plot and themes cons : may be a bit too old for some and not flashy enough . but remember it is a tad old . its a 5 star easily some may not agree but judge the movie on its merits and not against those of today and anyone can see the care and detail that made this movie great
10198: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i like the way the program goes through the tax forms as if you are interviewing with a tax preparer . however , i think it needs to do a better job of explaining why a tax form cannot be emailed and how to address that issue
10200: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i used to draw animals and buildings years ago and decided i wanted to go back to that . and add fantasy creatures to my ability . this books covers drawing people , creatures and buildings . if you already having some drawing skill , this book is a great help .
10201: real: pos ; predicted: neg
tosca 's suzuki is not breaking any ground , but by god they have mastered the art . this album is just so professional sounding , very nicely produced . this is how i envision trance to sound like , so much garbage out there it taked a while to sift through and find a golden little record like this . funky bassbeats and killer sounds . it 's what they call ethereal....i think . it flows so well from track to track , quite the odyessy in under an hour
10202: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book is pretty much useless if you 're looking for info on how to build a dulcimer . only about 60 pages of it actually talks about dulcimer making / repair . the rest is a long winded history / bio of homer ledford . some of that is a bit interesting from an historical / cultural perspective , but the author beats it to death . homer wanted the book to be just on how to build and care for a dulcimer ; the rest was the author 's idea . dean kimball 's book on dulcimer making is better , although still lacking in some areas . this book has no patterns or plans , few useful photos , and is weak in what instruction it does provide . there are a few useful ideas but not worth the price of the book
10203: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this upgrade because i thought it would let me share my contacts . it says so on the box , but it doesn't . it works just like the old contacts which you ca n't share with others except if you export it . no live sharing . why could n't they make it so i could put the file on my server ? or on a secure site ? then all my office can work off one contact list . 50% or more of the time the business contacts ca n't be found when you search for a contact . it 's like the business contacts is an add in that does n't work with outlook . or you add contacts , save it , email to the saved email address and then go to find the contact later and it is gone . also , lots of times when you try to send , the email wo n't send , it stays in the outbox . and repeatedly you open and hit the send button but it wo n't change to send status . now , if you leave it in the outbox , sometimes that fools the program into letting you send other email . or sometimes you can forward and send. . geez , what a waste of money this upgrade was . we wo n't be using it on any of our other computers and we have n't bought if on the new computers we have ordered .
10204: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i m not a big fan of communism , nor of stalin . but i cross checked the facts mentioned in this book with facts in some other books i have read on similar subject and found that author edvard radzinsky is strongly biased against stalin . in the entire book he seems to give no credit for anything to stalin nor to his leadership qualities during the course of second world war . dont waste your money on a propaganda book . better to go for an unbiased account from a neutral observer , thats what biographies are supposed to be
10205: real: pos ; predicted: neg
have n't we all been there ? wishing we could be better than someone else ? wishing that we had our turn in the spotlight ? this is exactly how the movie " cheaters " affected me . i found it truly amazing that this movie was made on a true story like this . the plot is really incredible and actually makes you ponder the question " what would i do in this situation ? " jeff daniels and jena malone give such incredible performances in this movie . i believe that they are very convincing . if you are in the mood to be emotionally touched by a movie , " cheaters " is the true direction for you to head in
10206: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is simply a transfer of the lp master done when cds were just getting started . the quality is inferior to other collections and the selection is weaker . go for the collectables twofer instead . much better sound and more cuts
10208: real: pos ; predicted: neg
zig ziglar has done it again . as an author myself of sales books , i realize sales is about so much more than just having the ' gift of gab , ' and fast talking . it 's about asking the right questions and listening to the right answers . it 's about not just being a consultant to others , but being a consultant to yourself . it 's recognizing you are in the most honorable profession there is . zig 's theories exemplify this .
10210: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was a little diappointed when i found out that i would have to buy more versions to get continued training on this subject .
10212: real: neg ; predicted: pos
throughly dismisses all jazz after 1960 , including fusion , free jazz , and everything thereafter . marsalis actually calls cecil taylor 's music " self-indulgent bullsh** " apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film . how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual ( but more likely agenda-driven ) on pbs , i will never understand . if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz , you will love this series . if you think coltrane is a god , you get five minutes ' summary . so lets see here : 15 hours on louis armstrong and duke , 5 minutes on coletrane , and a total didmissal of everything after duke 's death . reminds me of the republisuck 's " fair and balanced " nonsense . pbs , this is your wake-up call . stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ai n't in a museum . just ask the artists ( most of whom are alive ) whom burns left out . metheny , you out there
10215: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when it was new out of the box it worked for baseball about 50% of the time if i was within a few feet of the pitcher or catcher . it seemed to become less effective each time i used it to the point that now i 'm lucky to get a reading 10% of the time . it still works for clocking cars but for baseball it is almost useless .
10219: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this camera case for my granddaughter for christmas to go with the camera her parents had bought for her . this is the first time i have ever been disappointed with a product i purchased from amazon . it was , in my opinion , not worth the price i paid ! the picture looked much larger that it actually was . i wil continue to purchase through amazon but i will be much more careful and definitely return it if i 'm not satisfied . in this case i did not have time to find another camera case . thanks for giving me the opportunity of expressing my opinion . linda sutto
10222: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this cd is really really good . warped tour never fails to please . the best songs are by these people...the used , yellowcard , story of the year , matchbook romance , the early november , avoid one thing , taking back sunday , audio karate , simple plan , maxeen , coheed and cambria , and mest . buy this c
10225: real: neg ; predicted: pos
at first , i thought this product was great , and i used it for a few days . then , i noticed that my face was getting red and swollen . now , i look all deformed . i am really upset ! ! the acid ate away at my face and i am still waiting for my face to heal . i called neutrogena and they said it is probably an allergic reaction . march 23 , 2007 , update : after the swelling on my face went down , my whole body started itching , and i had to go see two different doctors . the internist said that it got into my system , and gave me two strong prescriptions to get it out of my system . i took the medication for over 2 weeks , and used cortizone 10 several times a day to relieve the itching . my arms and legs are all scared . there are still marks now even though my arms and legs have healed . this was the worst product that i have ever used , and i do n't even have sensitive skin . i never had a problem with a product ever ! ! i was very careful when i used rapid clear . it never got in my eyes , nose , or mouth . i used it once a day for a week until my face swelled up and turned all red . i looked like the character on mask . horrifying ! ! ! i will never ever buy another dangerous product from neutrogena , again ! ! ! ! i will tell everyone what happened to me ! ! ! the funny thing is.... . one person that i told this to , who also saw my swollen face , .... she said this exact thing happened to her with another neutrogena product . so , i know it 's not just me ! what the heck is neutrogena putting in their products ?
10227: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this dvd contains all of the original ben stiller show episodes , plus an extra un-aired episode . the show was not only far ahead of its time , but also timeless as is evidenced by stiller 's subsequent successful movie roles that drew from many of the characters from the tv series . for anyone who was a fan of the tv series or stiller 's movies , this dvd is a must
10230: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this tripod was a total shock ! i was amazed at the quality , stability and portability . the heavy duty denier carrying case is a great bonus . the level and quick release were also a welcome surprise . this was the best $9.00 i ever spent for photography accessories .
10231: real: pos ; predicted: neg
going to barsetshire is a delightful book , and a much-needed accompaniment to the thirkell novels . ms. snowden obviously spent a great deal of time reading the 29 novels in thirkell 's barsetshire series , and has produced a companion to the series that makes it very easy to keep track of the characters , places , and cultural references , especially for an american who is not well versed in mid-20th century english esoterica . i also enjoyed the writing style and the well-chosen quotes . in addition to the book 's comprehensive content is its straightforward layout and user-friendly format . this exemplary reference guide is not a flashy publishing house production , but instead keeps with the simple charm of barsetshire in its quality and overall appearance . the original cover art , showing an idyllic barsetshire scene , is lovely . i heartily recomend the book to all thirkell fans
10234: real: neg ; predicted: pos
she sings and acts like a airhead , he acts like the sams sort of idiots who fight in the professional wrestkers league...from the moment these two were married in 2002 , the press and the talk shows were all over them like vultures flying over a carcass . so the silly fools did this stupid reality show for mtv , destroying whatever change they might have had in a life together and filmed every aspect of their lives in front of a camera , now today big surprise , simpson and lachly are getting divorsed . the silly fools asked for it and in the end , it led to heart break
10236: real: neg ; predicted: pos
terrible product . printer jams repeatedly or paper never feeds properly . i 've had a replacement sent and the same thing happens . even though i have printed less than 50 photos with this replacement , which i have had less than a year , kodak support says it cannot be fixed by me and i need to have it serviced by them for 80 bucks . a new one sells for $99 and the price is dropping fast . i told kodak support i would not send it back to them , spending 80 dollars would be like flushing money down the toilet or taking a stick in the eye . i further notified kodak that i would instead send it to the place it belongs - a land fill . also , i 've heard that the recommended fix ( which does not work , by the way ) , unplugging the unit to reset , will cause the color cartridge light to illuminate prematurely . with the cost of paper and cartridges , this last insult makes this printer one to avoid . 1 star because when it does print the prints look good , but , man , the aggravation to get this thing to work correctly is not worth any price . rushed to the market place without enough reliability testing on an unsuspecting public . total junk from a venerable name desperate for a hit product .
10238: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it is a well made movie based on a great book . i was particularly impressed by the performance of the leading actors deborah findley and ciara'n hinds . following their play , you can feel in the whole the deepness and the manifold of the characters
10239: real: pos ; predicted: neg
upgraded to this razor after my old remington died , and i 've been very happy with it . it cut a bit close , which irritated my skin at first , but i think that was just me getting used to the " lift & cut . " this would be an excellent razor if it was n't for two features ( or lack thereof ) that make it a pain to use . 1. the internal battery is nicd . this type of battery has " memory " to it , which means for optimal performance , the battery should be fully drained before you recharge it . otherwise , the life of the battery will slowly shorten until the battery is useless . 2. there is n't a low battery indicator . by itself , either of these features would n't pose a problem . combined , you 're left wondering when you 'll have to charge the shaver , or when you 're off on that business trip , if you 'll need to bring the charger . in the long run , this razor is cheap enough and i expect the battery to last for years . still , it would have been better if the battery was made of nimh or some technology that 's not 15 years old .
10243: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book is extremely informative , eye-opening & interesting for someone thinking about getting a tattoo . i was very happy with my purchase of this title and have such a more indepth & greater understanding of what is involved with tattooing . great buy
10245: real: neg ; predicted: pos
to say this film is self-indulgent is a masterpiece of understatement . almost every joke in this movie that did n't center around profanity or flatulence was a nod to one of smiths other movies . maybe if you are a great filmmaker you can get away with that , but if you have only made 4 other films ( very poor ones too by cinematic standards ) then that just means you have the worlds biggest ego . the film looks as if it was written by a highschool kid , although the humor really dose n't reach even that level . here is a recap of the types of humor in this film . making fun of fans , fart jokes , scatological jokes , profanity ( yes this is actually supposed to be funny in and of itself ) , making fun of miramax , making fun of the viewers for actually being stupid enough to pay to see this film ( i swear i am not making this up ) , and any number of inside jokes involving the cast and crew . this movie comes across as crass , tasteless , profane and generally an abject debacle in all respects . thank god i borrowed this movie and did n't pay anything to rent it . i wo n't be watching another kevin smith movie anytime soon
10247: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the engine behind this program is from chief architect , who , from what i understand , are developers of professional cad software . it shows in this program . while this program has one of the best 3d walk around and capabilities , i tend to judge this and others by the drawing tools that it possesses . and this one has some good usable tools . like most consumer level landscaping programs , this one has photo import so you can design around an actual photo of your home . unlike other programs , the bhg software allows you to import and mask your own plant images . this is a great feature that my own program has which gives much better visualization with plants you might actually use . all the important stuff that we need to create a sellable visual landscape is there . for now , and with the choices i know of that are available to you , i find this to be the best consumer level landscape and garden program out there . this design software comes with an easy to understand tutorial cd . it was easy to install and start using right away . i think most folks would do quite well with this one .
10250: real: pos ; predicted: neg
backing up the review that pointed out m. night shyamalan 's earlier films the other movie is titled praying with anger ( also did screen play for stuart little ) . all three movies in the box set are great and worth watching again and again
10259: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've been a user of quicken for at least ten years . i 've liked the product historically , but this version is garbage . like other users , i too have fallen victim to the ' out of memory ' error . guess what ? there 's nothing i can do . i ca n't go back to a previous version of quicken , because my data file is n't compatable . honestly , i blame myself for not reading the feedback others had left first . i was brand loyal to intuit , but now i 'm paying the price . the software is garbage , stay away .
10261: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ordered the original item , used it for about a week , then sent it to my son in new hampshire . he used it less than fifteen minutes and it locked up , never to function properly again . i ordered a replacement , checked it out and sent it on to him , with the same result - - less than 15 minutes of use , it quit working . i thought the unit was nice , compact and fairly easy to use , but with two malfunctions in two cameras , i do n't think i would recommend this aiptek model to anyone
10264: real: pos ; predicted: neg
did we need a gore vidal reader ? the author is something of a long-winded blowhard , commenting at length ( and i mean length ) on every topic imaginable . in that respect he is america 's voltaire , creating reams of comment and interpretation on politics , the arts , and religion and morals . it 's hard to say where vidal fits in the framework of 20th century criticism , as he is not a conventional leftist . because of his iconoclasm , this collection can only inform the reader about gore vidal , not his times nor any intellectual or political movement . all that said , vidal is a great essayist and a droll wit . this book is much too much for the casual reader - - stick to one of his many shorter collections instead - - but for a vidal fan ( or , say , a reader of & quot ; the nation&quot ; ) this book is worth the time commitment
10266: real: pos ; predicted: neg
jock rock is a must for anyone in the fitness business . nothing gets a crowd hopping like a little james brown ! not much for listening to , but a good collection when your looking for just the right song to play for a certain event
10268: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really ca n't understand why all the reviewers are going crazy over this record . first off , i bought it without hearing anything by them before , but it had been highly recomended to people who like tool and mars volta by amazon ! ! they coul n't have been any more wrong . so , why did i personally find this so painfull ? well , the whole thing in general is quite painfull . first off , the musicians . the whole band sound like studio musicians . no obvious indivuality or anything new to offer . then we get to the vocals . the closest thing i can compare them to are alison moyet or anthony and the johnsons . i do n't mind anthony and the johnsons , but this guys vocals and the music just do n't rock . which is fine . it 's ok not to rock ! but why the hell , being a tool fan and mars volta fan , was i recomended this ? it 's bland , it 's week , and the dubby bass , boring guitar playing / sound.. . weak vocals. . actually , forget it . the whole package . it is just lame
10270: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i enjoyed this movie a lot . hugh jackman and ashley judd are both very appealing in these roles , and greg kinnear does a nice job with his as well - the jerk who 's just so charming that you ca n't resist , even when you know better than to fall for it . ellen barkin does fine with her small role but it is weird that she is the one listed first
10272: real: neg ; predicted: pos
saw " hart 's war " the other night and could n't really believe anyone would invest money and time in a film as awful as this one . this film bombed at the box office and was yanked from circulation after only a few days . here are ten reasons why : 1. this film is n't " the great escape " and even though he would probably like to think otherwise , bruce willis is n't steve mcqueen . even though willis received top billing , this is a colin farrell vehicle . 2. the vast majority of the target audience of 18-34 year old moviegoing males could care less about what happened during the reagan administration , much less world war ii . " hart 's war " may just as well be a film about a pow camp during the war of 1812. anything with vin diesel or the rock would be bound to sell more tickets . 3. as far as depicting life in a pow camp , " hart 's war " is pretty much on par with " hogan 's heroes " . the germans are nice guys with guns who do n't know very much and everyone gets away with just about anything . where did the gi 's get all those cigarettes , anyway ? 4. any stalag luft comandant worth his weight in sauerkraut would have just as soon killed the bruce willis character as look at him . as depicted in " hart 's war " , the camp commandant ( as portrayed by marcel lures ) would have had a very difficult time maintaining any sort of status as an officer in the german army . his collection of american jazz / blues records is a cute writer 's invention that has nothing to do with the reality of the situation , or of the type of men who were in charge of german pow camps . in reality , the marcel lures character would probably have been relegated to another type of nazi camp with a pink triangle sewn on the front of his tunic . 5. the storyline is not completely unbelievable - trials did take place in pow camps , one good example being the pow 's who were tried and hung in andersonville ; however , the whole idea that the camp 's commandant would actively participate in such a trial as sort of a jerry springer type advocate is ludicrous . 6. the idea that during the trial , a group of pow 's who escape go on a secret mission to destroy a nearby munitions factory is insulting . not only did nothing like this ever happen during world war ii , it degrades the bravery of those poor souls whose only act of heroism was to survive internment under harsh and sometimes brutal conditions . the german army simply was n't that stupid . 7. i saw this film once and did n't like it . i thought that maybe the second time would be better . it wasn't . 8. beyond being sheer hollywood political correctness , " hart 's war " seriously misrepresents many of the more important aspects of internment . it ignores the real focus of life in such a stalag which , for most pow 's , was just day to day survival . also , the soldiers who served in our armed forces during world war ii and also happened to be african americans were n't spineless , hapless dopes . 9. bruce willis playing the same role in variations of " die hard " over and over and over again is tiring . 10. better films about the same sort of subject matter are " the tuskeegee airmen " and " stalag 17 " . hopefully in a few years , " hart 's war " will be completely forgotten , and these dvd 's will be rotting in some landfill .
10273: real: pos ; predicted: neg
due to a canoe accident on vacation , mine went completely underwater for at least 5-10 seconds . but - only a trickle of water got inside . once that dried out , much to my surprise , both the af and vr functions worked fine . all that 's left is two small water spots on the inside of the objective lens ( okavango delta water is clean ! ) . do n't try this at home . next time i 'm even near a canoe , i 'll have everything in dry bags .
10277: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i like wordperfect much better than microsoft word as it is easier to use . reviel codes solves a lot of problems when text wont behave . not available in word . i bought the x3 version because of some bad bugs in ver 12. , like not being able to export my address book without errors and mail merge problems . the price was right on amazon and it was easier that trying to fix 12. i do n't see a big difference between the two versions except that they fixed all the problems that i was having in 12. if an earlier version is working for you , i see no good reason to upgrade . b
10279: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is the 3rd , and unfortunately final , chapter in the triology . i got my husband to run out and buy it the tuesday it was released and finished it within 2 ( very late ) nights of reading . if you have read the 1st two books you will not be disappointed with this one . if anything , it is the best in the series with 2 really likeable characters - yo ! and if you have n't read " caught stealing " and " six bad things " , head to borders now so you can read them before " a dangerous man " . plan on not doing anything else for awhile because these books are just too intense to put down . pulp noir at its ' finest
10282: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time . i have tried backpacks , shoulder bags , duffel bags , but none of them really worked all that well . then i saw the lowepro street and field system with completely customizable pouches , vests , belts , and accessories . it works great , you only get the pouches you need so there is no waisted space and you can organize them however you want according to how often they are used ( put frequently used items in easier to access places . ) the variety alone of this system is worth the investment , but the quality and ease of use is also very high which is a big plus . you can get a case for any lens , camera body , or accessory you have . i even have cases for my cell phone and water bottle . one word of caution , be sure to measure your lens with the lens hood on backwards if you use them to make sure that the entire thing will fit into the pouch , because sometimes the lens will fit , but then the lens with the lens hood will not . i often carry 5-6 lenses , extension tubes , teleconverters , extra memory cards and batteries , and a bunch of cleaning supplies and other gadgets , which weights a ton . but when they are evenly distributed on this vest / belt lowepro system it is actually very manageable . the only down side is that everyone will be staring at you because you have thousands of dollars of camera equipment strapped to your body . but if you can overlook that , this is the way to go . i have used this system at many zoos without ever having problems , in fact just unzipping a single lens and switching seems safer to me than opening an entire bag of equipment every time you want to switch lenses . many of the cases also come with a built in rain / snow cover so if the weather changes all of your equipment is not destroyed . you can also put just a few pouches on a normal belt when you are just going to take photos in the back yard or do n't need to take all of your equipment , which is nice . i really ca n't say enough about how much easier this makes traveling with a lot of equipment , if you have been hopelessly searching for a better solution , consider this , you wo n't regret it .
10283: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the first cd from baby anne is fairly typical florida breaks fare . i would n't claim that 's a bad thing , but do n't expect to be surprised if you 're familiar with the genre . overall it 's a solid offering from baby anne and delivers the bass . the second cd is a surprising mix from jen lasher , who has abandoned her old breakbeat sound and fully adopted a more electro feel . to those who have labeled this " industrial " i will say first and foremost that you are wrong . there is not one remotely industrial track on the cd . what she does provide is an extremely varied mix of synthpop , house , and a couple breaks tracks , all very vocal and sporting an electro pop flare , sometimes approaching the full-on ny electroclash sound . from someone quite familiar with electropop artists i ca n't recommend highly enough this diverse mix guaranteed to please newcomers and electro afficianados alike . my only complaint is the strikingly misplaced wolfsheim track , which i can only assume fueled the misguided and completely false depeche mode comparison from another reviewer .
10285: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as someone said in an earlier review , the movie is split up into two parts . the first part , training camp , was good . i enjoyed the movie up until it switches to vietnam . after that , i found it unwatchable . the main character is so annoying , i kept hoping he would get shot instead of his supporting cast . if you 're looking for a good war movie , look elsewhere .
10286: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book has its good points . if anything , it helps you put into words what you want from a supervisor , but it is not very accurate . the online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you , or if they do n't describe you at all . this messes up the results , and it did not describe me very well . i am not just in denial . i have taken a lot of personality type tests , like the keirsey temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths . so , although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths , it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology . as for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees , i'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate . the company i work for has done this , and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths ( according to this book ) are very unhappy in their new positions . your money can be spent better elsewhere . i say its only worth about $10
10287: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i liked the santana - steven tyler song / video . since i found out about the sneaky root kit this software installs and the idea of no free use of something i buy within reasonable means - i wont buy the cd . want to make sure that sony loses money in this effort - will teach them a lesson . i have been burned by sony 's proprietary [...] before on other items , so i will stay away .
10288: real: neg ; predicted: pos
sleepmd did not work for me and in fact kept me awake most of the night . the next day i felt horrible , partly because i got no sleep and partly because i had been ripped off for $20. i threw the pills in the trash and will never purchase any md product again .
10294: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have watched this film on my local pbs station at least 1 / 2 dozen times because it is soooooo good . i have a mental vacation each time . i find that my stress just goes away while watching this awe inspiring movie . i highly recommend this film for the whole family
10296: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is one of the silliest books i have read for a long time . it could be categorised as belonging to the same genre of " action fantasy " as a number of hollywood films . examples of the rules of reality being abandoned : the action takes place in the middle of antarctic winter , and the author even notes at one point how it 's pitch dark outside , yet there are scenes on the ice that play out as if the characters could see each other . people spend minutes in freezing water , yet pop out none the worse for the wear . two close allies of the united states attack a us installation on no better motivation than a claim that a " spaceship " has been found there , shouted once through the radio . a 12-year-old girl goes through hours of commando troops shooting at each other in a closed facility without getting hurt physically , nor , apparently , mentally . a prototype airplane that has been buried in ice for over ten years , but that works perfectly on the first attempt to fly it . the stupidity goes on and on , but that 's perhaps enough to give a taste . there are perhaps people who do not care about any of this , but i do n't enjoy books whose author does n't have one bit of interest in any sort of realism
10297: real: neg ; predicted: pos
lcd fell off when arrived because the two-side sticker was n't stong enough . anyhow , i could push it back . then , the scale could n't be turned on by tapping on the top . this is the only way you can make this scale work as discribed on manual . i have to remove and insert battery to turn it on everytime ! i think some force sensor attached to the frame is broken . this is the problem i ca n't fix . the only thing i can do is sending it back . following up : according to the other review , i tried to make this scale " vibrating " using different ways of tapping . it did n't work no matter how hard i tried . i had to use my toe to lift up one side a little ( about half an inch ) and drop it on hard floor to make enough " vibration " to turn it on . i wonder how long this scale can function well by such a way to switch on . my soehnle scale always turns on by a soft tapping . i have to admit the reading of this scale is very clear and accurate . just feel a little nervous standing on two pieces of glass . and also , be careful to use it in bathroom : moisture will make the glass surface slippery .
10298: real: pos ; predicted: neg
at first i did n't think there was enough new material on this soundtrack to make it worthwhile , but the four previously unreleased songs are so completley wonderful , especially & quot ; all i want to know&quot ; and & quot ; heather&quot ; . this is an essential for any stephin merritt fan
10300: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'll start with the positive : the main character is a classic hero in every sense of the word - tall , good-looking , smart , humble , etc. the story was engaging and made for a quick read because it was easy to follow , carried the reader along and crafted as to have no wasted words . in short , it was a competent work of fiction . that 's where my praise ends , because this is the type of work that contributes to our national problems by feeding false stereotypes and radical agendas . sure , it 's a work of fiction , no one is going to take it seriously , yada yada yada . but that 's not true , is it ? so many people in this country believe that this the plot of this book is plausible and even to be encouraged - - just look at the reviews to find the believers . alright , here are my problems with it : first , politicians are corrupt and will sell-out anyone to maintain power , but that 's not true if you 're a conservative farm-boy elected despite your honesty from a midwestern state . in term limits , vince flynn just beats you over the head with the " power corrupts " mantra - he does n't show it in the actions so much as just repeats it like the chorus of a bad rap song , yet from the lips of the marine combat veteran congressman who is our protagonist . you know what , though ? there are people in politics on both sides of the aisle who really want to do what 's right , who really are trying to make a difference for the positive , for this nation and the citizens . in this book , however , the public is a tool to be used and treated as if they are n't smart enough to make good decisions . second , murder is a viable answer . this repeats another mantra that conservatives repeat often - that they do the hard fighting and living to protect this nation and its freedoms so that the liberals can live in their fantasy-land . come on , get real . this book touts a special forces unit as being so committed to the constitution that they are willing to murder high-level politicians and threaten the president with assassination if he does n't balance the budget . and , they get away with it because it 's really the right side to be on . murdering our leaders is the answer according to vince flynn . murder solves the obvious weakness that we have as a nation , that being elections . elections apparently just get in the way . third , the balanced budget . for years and years - until the time this book was written - conservatives cried about the budget . the book makes it the central theme . balance the budget and make us fiscally responsible . it 's important enough for a military coup supported by the protagonist of this novel . a coup ! ! ! yet , when the conservatives did take power , despite vince flynn 's prescient forecasting ability , they ran the deficit into uncharted territory and did n't flinch . even when confronted by this atrocity of fiscal irresponsibility , they claim that now ! ! ! ! ! the deficit is n't a big deal , that it 's really just a function of the percentage of gdp and we ought to all forget about it . this book starkly reveals the disconnect between conservative priorities of the 90 's and the realized result nearly two presidential terms later . it 's like looking back in time to a parade of nit-wits . fourth , the good guys do n't do bad things . the special ops team kills only who they want and never any innocents - just the politicians . the bad guys leave a wake of messy slaughter and civilians whenever they use murder as a tool . flynn spends way too much time making this point and beating the reader over the head with it . . . killing is good when only your target dies . . . but whatever happened to that oh so famous , though shalt not ? - cv ric
10301: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the movie is a about a guy , who does a lot of work and no fun and then feels sorry about that . that 's pretty much the whole story . well , the idea is quite powerful but not new , the characters are done in the " comics " style and very primitive , the jokes are quite boring . actually what is really amazing , that it could 've been ok to watch as a family movie , but a few really tasteless jokes made it pg13 rated without adding any fun , so the movie about family values is not appropriate for kids . too boring for adults , not appropriate for kids , too much moral for young crowd - i ca n't really think who might like it
10302: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my boyfriend bought from the earth to the moon , and since he is an astrophysics student i expected that he would have enjoyed finding about people 's conceptions about going to the moon at that early time . he however summed up the book by saying that it contained a lot of basic things did n't make much sense . well , from a layman 's perspective i found from the earth to the moon engaging . it goes into the technical aspects of going to the moon and involves a reasonable amount of logic , physics and astronomy . even from my scientifically deprived perspective , a lot of things in the book did n't make much sense , such as the actual method of getting to the moon , but this does n't really take away from the book - it adds greatly to its appeal . the book contained some bizarre bits of humour and its whimsical nature never bordered into the ridiculous . i was kept wondering how much of this was actually going to work , and what these poor souls were going to come up with next . compared to twenty thousand leagues under the sea and even journey to the centre of the earth however , from the earth to the moon is noticeably less imaginative . verne uses everyday objects and ideas to make his ideas a reality , and much unlike his other works , does n't stray far from the earthly . some people may feel cheated by the predictable conclusion , but all in all from the earth to the moon is a good read . if you drop at the sight of f ( x ) = y , then this book is not for you because it involves some logical thinking , centripetal forces and the like which may be hard to assimilate . if you really know your physics theory then you may not appreciate the book either because of the theoretical meanderings that may have limited basis today . if you , like me are somewhere in the middle of these two extremes then from the earth to the moon is definitely worth your time .
10303: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this item was recommended in a magazine article for calluses on your feet , so i bought this specifically for that use . i used the triangular pumice attachment only.i was under the impression that the attachment would rotate , but in general it 's just a vibrating ( 2 levels ) machine with attachments that you move around your body manually . the vibrations were n't intense enough to make any difference . the actual machine has no function . the body resurfacing cream which has little scrubbing crystals was ok , but can easily be used without this machine
10309: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read in one of the magazines , that many stars in hollywood eat chocolate to lose weight . i thought , that was some kind of cruel joke , until i read that the chocolate they eat is with hoodia , but i could not find the name for those chocolates . i searched the internet , and was i happy to find chocoleans ! i was going out on a date to my favorite sushi place , and had one chocolean before i left the house . it worked ! i could barely finish two sushi 's and i felt soo full . now i eat one or two chocoleans a day with water or coffee , and eat soo much less ! i already lost two dress sizes , amazing . and , they are sooo delicious
10310: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera is simply amazing ! i started out with a canon g2 , and then a canon g6 , and then a canon 20d , and now this canon 1d mark ii n . i debated and researched for 3 months between the 1ds mark ii , 5d , and 30d . my decision was primarily narrowed down to the 5d and this 1d mark ii n . yes , i wish this camera was a full-frame and also shared the 12.8 mp like the 5d , but you know what ? it practically killed me trying to weigh the pros and cons and finally i made my decision to go with this one and i 'm 110% glad that i did . for me , this camera is definitely the one to get because the 45 point focusing , 8.5 fps , and the 1d pro body / interface / menu / layout , etc is what really makes this camera worth it and the deciding factor . trust me , if you do n't know how seriously fast the 8.5 fps really is , you need to go out to your camera store and try it out before you decide . because of this 8.5fps alone , i 'm actually able to capture a lot of shots that i normally get lucky getting with my 20d . and with a 5d at 3fps , i just said forget it...no way . i 'm not even a professional taking pictures for a living . this is just purely a fun hobby for me and stepping up from a 20d to this camera is out of this world . with the phenomenal auto focusing , additional metering , it 's like i 'm now playing with a bentley ( with the 1d mk2 n ) coming from a mercedes c230 hatchback ( the cheapest mercedes that people buy just because it 's a mercedes name and they do n't want to spend any more money on a real mercedes ) . this camera and the photos truly almost help me take pictures like a pro . also , i do n't shoot action pictures all the time , and i do love portrait photography , and landscapes and printing and blowing up large sized pictures . but even with the 1.3 crop factor , there is still a huge improved difference going from a 1.6 crop and you wo n't have vignetting problems with some lenses that you 'll have on a 5d . with this 1d mk2 n , you can still take wonderful wedding photography , landscapes , etc. as much as i 'd like to have 12.8mp like the 5d , 8mp is really all that we need these days unless you 're going to blow up and print photos that are larger than 8x10 's or around there . unless you 're printing extremely large posters and whatnot , you can pretty much do everything with this camera that the 5d can . the resolution and mp is definitely enough . plus , it 's also invaluable to know that you have the 8.5 fps available and ready to use if you need to and you can also tone it down and use a slower fps if you need to . the extra bonuses with this camera which i look at as a secondary positive , are the weather seals , pro-build high quality construction body , easy to use and navigate menu system , you can see the iso information in the viewfinder as well as the lcd screen at all times , dual memory card capability , you can shoot on 2 memory cards at the same time as one for backup or use 2 separate cards independently , built-in battery grip ( you do n't have to shell out extra for this ) , longer battery life than the other cameras , best customization and most options that you can set to your liking , more than the 5d or the 20d or 30d . i could go on and on but definitely get this camera if you can afford it . otherwise , the 5d is also a great choice too if you need to save the money , and all you do is take landscape pictures all day long , or never will have a use for fast action or have a need to capture quick moments , and do n't want the fast and most accurate focusing system that 's great for ai servo .
10315: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the soundtrack is great but some of the good songs from the movie arent on it . overall it is a good produc
10317: real: pos ; predicted: neg
after brushing with the hydrabrush , my teeth feel as clean as when i 've been to the dental hygenist . this is a great product . i am so glad that replacement brushes are available at amazon
10321: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ashlee 's recent face lift and apparent nose job is proof that 's she 's all plastic and no talent . she must of asked the dr to make her look like her sister . very sad cause she 's unrecognizable now . better looking , maybe , still ca n't sing or dance .
10323: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell - - what are these " packaging engineers " thinking ? it took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it , and then i took the scissors to it , and the hard packaging almost broke them ! but i was thrilled . a handsome object , thought i , and i loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open . so much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband . i yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed . but , alas , it would not follow instructions as they were written . " press and hold the set button . hour display blinking . " ( could they not have said , " the hour display will blink " ? i pressed . " press memory button to adjust the hour . " i did . the memory button never did a thing . so i asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either . we both tried several combinations of maneuvers , but nothing worked . to this moment , the hour display is blinking , blinking , blinking . i 'd like to get my money back , but ya know what ? j & r music & computer world in ny demand such a rigamarole to send it back , including with all the original packaging ( i threw the op in the trash ) , that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions , which , of course , are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves . now i 'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash , while i will make sure i never order from j&r again .
10324: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love the new digital canon . the only problem is it 's not nearly as tough as it 's film twin . i had the camera less than a month when the pop-up flash quit working . the canon people have been great , and very helpful , but i 'd rather not have had to send a brand new camera back to the factory . the photos , however , are wonderful . film quality for the most part - printable and enlargable . ( it would probably be better to use the camera with a tripod when using the 300mm telephoto but i hike with it , so just remember to steady it before taking wildlife photos .
10326: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i got this unit as a gift from my boyfriend . high blood pressure runs in my family so i wanted to get a monitor to keep track . i was figuring on getting an arm unit , but when i got this wrist unit i wanted to see how it would work . the whole system is very easy to use and fast . you need to be sitting and resting to take the reading , but is happens quickly and then it stores all the results for you . i did n't think i would really use the memory function but it has come in pretty handy . i can say this was a great gift , something i use a lot , and something that will help me stay healthy
10327: real: neg ; predicted: pos
two months . . .the amount of time in which i saved to purchase what i thought was an 8 megapixel camera for a steal . . . one week . . .to find that no matter what i tried i was utterly dissapointed . . . 1 ) no matter the setting every picture is drowned out by the flash and withouth the flash the picture is nothing more than i horrible blur . 2 ) the 5 minute 2 time flash is horrible . . .every person i try to get a picture of thinks it has taken the picture before the final flash even goes off resulting in 90% horrible family photos . i could go on but i wont . . .i cant even stress my dissapointment in my waste of money . . .there is a reason that it is not the bestselling camera on amazon . . .because it is not worth it . i now have to save up for another and hopefully pawn this off on someone with less expectancy in a camera
10328: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i will not try to say that i asserted the painstaking , analytic effort that some would argue is necessary for an appreciation of heidegger . more than that , i have no interest in doing so . it is largely agreed by the majority of his readers that this book deals with the question of being ( existence ) , and my reading did n't lead me to any other conclusions . so as i said i have no interest in reading this a second time , further , deeper , or slower . being and time is chock full of invented terminology , to the extent that michael inwood was able to profit from his publication of a heidegger dictionary . whatever you might think the word " world " means , for instance , is not what heidegger means , and he will explain that to you throughout the duration of an agonizing 40 pages or so . this is the case with his entire vocabulary . if there was any need for all of the inventions and distinctions made by heidegger , i would not bring this up as a crticism . beyond the unventilated , severely sober , and utterly uninspiring character of being in time , i also call attention to the futility of it 's project . if heidegger was right about the historical neglect toward the question of being , perhaps more than 2000 years of historical peoples have been aware of something that eluded him : that there is no question of being . why is " the question of being " so problematic ? because it is unanswerable , maybe . or if it is answerable , we 're not in any position to answer it . " being " implies some kind of unvarying stability that just does n't make sense . and if you posit an idea that is so concrete , so constant , you ca n't just bend it to make it fit reality . you 've already betrayed your questioning . truth , including the truth of being , is a local phenomenon . truth is not always and forever true - it 's true when it 's true . but heidegger wanted an everlasting truth , a dogmatic anthropology . worse than the general uselessness of his project , and the toxic dregs left in his wake , heidegger is guilty of not even presenting his ideas in an intersting or thought-provoking way
10330: real: neg ; predicted: pos
3d home architect is a complete crock . i have attempted to use it many times . after hours of reading and playing with it i am still unable to perform the most simple task . i own v1.3 of this software and it outperforms the current version by light years . i also spent lots of time trading emails with broderbund in an attempt to obtain either additional product support or a refund and i got nothing . so henceforth they will not see another dime of my hard earned $. sorry
10332: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the author not only argues for feminism , but she does so in a unique manner , and innovative approach by arguing for feminism across borders . she compares and defines literary and national borders . this book is extremely thorough on all aspects of chicana feminist writing available , by engaging historical theories as well as contemporary notions . to really grasp the experience , the author has certainly covered her basis in terms of depth , substance , truth and validity .
10334: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read desperation and enjoyed it immensely much like i did with the regulators also . this book is filled with suspense from page one . the book never drags in my opinion . this book though is not for the faint of heart . if you do n't enjoy high body counts and gore then you will not like this book and will most likely put it down by the second chapter . but if you do n't mind it at all like me you will enjoy the suspense he gives you and the twists and turns this book takes . the ending is by far the most suspenseful part . i also recommend reading desperation first because you will probably understand it better and get a better look on what tak is all about . the journal entries and newspaper articles are a very nice touch to the story and it lets you understand what is going on alot better also . i wish there was a part three to this but sadly there isn't . i ca n't choose between desperation and regulators because their both great but the regulators does have the more suspenseful end to it . although it is alot bloodier and may you even get a brief lump in your throat like i did when a tragic thing happens in the end . keep up the good work king
10338: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it 's just like the hit tv show ! in fact they probably got the idea for the tv show from this movie . actually i thought it was more of a comedy than anything . i saw it on the " we " network . it 's worth the price if you feel like buying it .
10340: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i own many sony products , including a sony cybershot dsc-f717 , which i love . however , i am very disappointed by this camera , the sony cybershot dsc-t5. i bought the t5 for my mother and father as a present . it is small , lightweight , portable ; easy to use ; and stylish . it does take nice photos in brightly lit environments , especially outside . however , after several months of use , a few problems have become consistently evident : ( 1 ) there is horrible red-eye ( and white-eye ) artifact in many pictures . the so-called " red-eye reduction " setting does nothing . ( 2 ) dim-light photography is very grainy , with lots of noise . night-time photography is impossible . these problems are not unique to our camera.. . you will find many corroborating reviews above . overall , i am very disappointed in this camera , and wish i could exchange it for something else . do not buy this camera . other reviewers suggest the t7 or t9 take much better pictures ( and they are still small pocket-size cameras ) .
10342: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i started taking anxietol 7 to help me with my stress at work . i am not usually a stressed out sort of person however i recently got transfered to nyc and i 'm from utah , just that move itself is enough to stress anyone out . i am working as a trader and it is very high energy . anxietol 7 is helping me cope with my new life here
10343: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really feel stupid about ordering this book . why did i do it ? . the story is that stacey is moving back to new york
10344: real: pos ; predicted: neg
we have a " closet shower " , which made it difficult to get out of the way of the water spray ( not to mention having water spray out the door ) . we picked up this neat little shower head , and we 're much happier now . you can avoid the water more easily ( for shaving , washing body , etc. ) , and since it aims straight down , no more turning the shower head all the way to the side to avoid it going right out the door . it 's inexpensive , and has made our shower experience much better . i definitely recommend it
10351: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ordered a case for my kodak dx6490 digital camera from antonline thru amazon but received a case that is inches too small for my camera . if the numbers referenced above show in the review , you can see that my model of camera does not appear . in spite of this antoline has refused to issue an rma for its return and replacement with the correct case and has stated they will refuse it if i return without their rma . they tell me it cannot be sold as new since it was opened . the only packaging was a brown padded envelope . is there another way of seeing inside the envelope without opening it ? i guess i could go to the airport and put it through the screener . there is a little tag on the case that reads dx6490 but it obviously is not since the size is incorrect in height , depth and width and my number does not appear on their invoice . when i checked kodak online , the dimensions for my camera case were larger in all three dimensions . amazon is attempting to resolve the matter but as yet have no feed back from them either . at this point i would never patronize antoline again
10352: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this program is limited to a few word bubbles and sound effect fonts . it is difficult for a novice to understand how to get his or her own pictures into the comic . the word bubble sdo not rotate , so they could be pointing anywhere except where you want them to . it looks really great on the cover of the cd , and that 's what sold me . it was a disapointing christmas
10356: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i love fairy tales ! i was so excited to see the author of beauty had another retelling . spindles end has me very confused . i am plugging through it and hope when i am done with it a second time i can give it more stars . i would not recommend it for younger readers
10357: real: pos ; predicted: neg
for any one who loses their reading glasses or does n't know where to put them these glasses work great . the magnet is strong and the glasses comfortable . this is especially true on the beach . they are what they claimed to be
10363: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my feelings are...if you have simple income , not a lot of financial dealings , this program will walk you thru your returns with no difficulty . i 've only done fed & state with 2 incomes , 1 home , with all the associated deductions and the program handled everything . using the program is a snap and it saves me about $200-300 over using a tax preparer , who asks me questions just like this program does . you simply need to sort out all your receipts , etc. , the same as you need to do for a live preparer
10365: real: pos ; predicted: neg
less technicolor and more monochromatic than its predecessor , " in like flint " still uses broad strokes to great advantage in poking fun at the bond films . the indomitable derek flint returns to save the world , this time from a bevy of beauties who simultaneously raise the ire of the world 's women while replacing powerful males with surgically-altered substitutes ( leading to , perhaps , the most prescient line of dialogue in any 1960s film- -upon discovering that the man in the white house is not who he seems to be , a disbelieving flint says , " an actor as president ? " ) . that is , until a renegade zowie general ( steve inhat ) decides it 's his turn to take the reins of power . the delightful lee j . cobb is back as flint 's curmudgeonly boss , cramden , as are the secret agent 's posse of female admirers , and tv 's batgirl , yvonne craig , even shows up as a russian ballerina . " in like flint " feels more grown up than the previous film , partly because the lighting and cinematography are more stark and partly because the humor is sometimes more rooted in satire than parody . notions like the red scare being a feint to the very real dangers of corruption from within and the beauty industry actually having our worst interests in mind- -and charging a premium for them- -are slipped in with more obvious gags involving oversized eyebrows , cross-dressing , and the bouncing sing-a-long ball . only the crankiest among us are likely to find the juvenile sexism of either flint film worth comment , as it 's a staple of the genre , meaning that the biggest weakness here is the same as the earlier effort : a no-frills dvd .
10366: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this movie survives in my memory for over 40 years as one of the most boring stupid excuses for a comedy ever made . i use it as a benchmark to compare all other really bad comedies . they are either worse than this one ( rare ) or better than this one . as an example : buffalo ' 66 is worse . if you watch both in the same day , you will surely die
10367: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when i bought this i played it on repeat for about 45 hours . different versions than on the album ( i think it 's their demo ) . this version of modern age is amazing . definitely worth buying
10369: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read the hundred penny box when i was in third grade 13 years ago . its messages of love and memory have stayed with me and will continue to do so forever . i have created my own hundred penny box and just made one for a friend 's newborn son . my grandfather was recently diagnosed with altzheimers , an illness i assume that great-great-aunt dew suffered from . i took my ratty old copy of the book to his house over easter . we read it together and discussed his own memories over the years . while his memory is fading , i felt it important to hear them myself , love them , and save them in my own memory as michael did for aunt dew . i would reccomend this book to any child who is losing a grandparent and anyone who needs a good , heartwarming story
10375: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i heard this song on the radio the first time many months ago ( and then for months and months it 's been played nonstop ) . i instantly hated it from the horrendous beat to the fact that gwen stefani is a 35 year old dressed up as a cheerleader with pom-poms and about 95% of the song is spent on the chorus " i ai n't no hollaback girl " or " this s*** is bananas " section . pharell is a master producer and i chuckled because i thought that even the neptunes can produce an occasional flop . to my horror this song became the number one single for multiple weeks and became the most successful single of the entire summer ( maybe even the entire year ) . i do n't see what people like about this song but apparently there is something i 'm missing . like i said you either hate it or love it
10377: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i just finished a 4 day golf tournament that was brutal . 6 hour rounds played in 90 degree heat with high humidity . during a practice round a couple of days before the tournament started i really got drained of energy after about 12 holes . i was unprepared and it made a sport that i normally enjoy into an unpleasant experience . for the tournament rounds i packed a small cooler with gatorade , nature valley fruit and nut bars , and chocolate flavored clif builder 's bars . i drank water and gatorade throughout each round and alternated the bars every 3-4 holes . it really made a difference . each day i felt like i had the energy and endurance for a great round . if only my golf game was as good as these bars . they tasted great and keeping them in a cooler kept them from melting in the heat . i highly recommend chocolate clif builder 's bars . kevin decke
10378: real: pos ; predicted: neg
rien a dire si ce n'est que too $hort et ses potes a claque c'est tout
10381: real: neg ; predicted: pos
once " the very best of 10cc " was released in 1997 , it was the collection to have . that collection included 15 tracks that spanned 10cc 's career , ending with the godley and creme hit " cry . " so why would this cd be released , especially since the only thing it offers over the prior cd is " channel swimmer " and " do n't hang up ? " buy the cd " how dare you " and " the very best of 10cc " and you will have three times the music you have on this cd for only twice the price . an unnecessary addition to the 10cc portfolio
10382: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a complete joke . the only cities that are in the program for u.s. states are major metro areas . if you have a handheld ( either regular or mobile phone ) you more than likely also have wifi or gprs internet connection . and if you are in a major metro area , with a wifi connection , why would you need a program for maps ? just go to yahoo maps or mapquest . if you do n't have a wifi , then just buy a paper map...it will do the same thing ( maybe even more ! ) than this program . the only possible way this program could be useful is if you already have a handheld gps receiver and you never find yourself outside major metropolitan cities . i have a gps receiver for my laptop ( usb ) which i though could connect to my handheld and it won't ...so my advice is to buy an entire package ( software and handheld-specific gps receiver ) . ca n't believe microsoft put its name on this junk
10384: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i used the remington twice up to now , and the bottom line it is a great machine , you will never need to lube it , and that is a big deal with clippers . its easy to clean , sharp and easy to work with
10388: real: neg ; predicted: pos
just ca n't believe that someone ... with that much money could put out a piece of crap like this ! ! so so disappointing paul ! ! we need a direct live show no film ! and direct to dvd without 90% of audience.. . pauls pretty taken with his old self ! ! nice dye job
10390: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought one of these for my canon sd-800 and can recommend it . for many years now , i 've carried canon pocket cameras on my belt while traveling and the canon-branded cases are simply the best for this purpose . my only criticism of the canon cases has been their lack of a small pocket for media . i was hoping that with the tiny size of sd cards canon would have added such a pocket to their newer cases , but they haven't . on the plus side , the case retains the superior leather construction , uses a neat magnetic tie down for the flap instead of velcro or a snap , and has a belt loop that is tight enough to hold the camera comfortably against your body . the package also includes a nice looking leather replacement strap for your camera . incidentally , the sd-800 is well matched to the case , fitting quite securely
10392: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you
10394: real: pos ; predicted: neg
those who condemn this book for not being a long , boring list of name origins and meanings , or for stating that their name has gone out of style for today 's children , are missing the point . " baby names now " is a fun , readable guide to what people are naming their children in the early 2000s , including famous namesakes ( saints , popes , presidents , royalty , music and movie stars ) and what some celebrities have named their children . it 's also fascinating to read how certain names have gone out of style : for example " lisa , " " amy , " " susan " and " dawn " were very popular for babies born in the 60s ( and thus , my classmates ) , but are rarely used today . the book 's major flaw is in not recognizing that parents name their children using the last names of people they admire , not just the first names . at one point , it reads " harrison ford...is almost certainly the reason for the name harrison 's popularity " - excuse me , ever hear of the beatles ? the entries for the name " jordan " do n't mention michael jordan , certainly a major inspiration for that name in this area . the entry for " jackson " does n't mention michael , janet , or samuel l . the entry for " landon " does n't mention michael . the entries for " cassidy " do n't mention david and shaun , so popular in the 70s when many of today 's moms were growing up . the entry for " lucas " - do i have to say it , fellow star wars kids grown up and naming their children ? and come on , how can you mention the name " wayne " without acknowledging the popularity of john wayne ? still , this is a lot of fun , and i give the authors credit for recognizing that " althea " is from a grateful dead song . i look forward to the next edition
10395: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the camera is good . had it 1 week now . low light it works and produces fair results . bright light is much better . small and light weight . you must use the supplied docking station to transfer as ther is no usb port on camera . there is the dc in and tv out on camera ( as well as the docking station...just no usb...why ? ) 30gb hard drive is plenty...maybe too much . if you fill this up you are looking at 8 dvd 's and hours of transfer . the software is weak and conflicts with roxio 7.5. roxio became unusable . roxio stinks anyway . found a simple program to burn after this...ashampoo . plan on getting adobe premier elements , too . amazon had the best deal...89 less 30 mail in rebate from adobe . much better then the software in box . my first cam as we now have a cute baby . easy to keep it rolling and have gigs to save .
10402: real: pos ; predicted: neg
nice mirror . good magnification . solid construction . my only change would allow vertical adjustability to allow flexibility in positioning on the wall . i had to move a picture to position it at the correct height
10403: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this product after reading many negative reviews on other products ( my last internet security product was pc-cillin , i did n't renew because of the low ratings for 2007 ) . what i found was that an huge load was put on my processor , and system memory apparently because i use a program that feeds video over the internet from a network cam . i never had problems like this before , and after some research on the za support site , i found other users who were having similar problems with their processors overclocking . vsmon.exe seems to be the culprit , and is the main component of the zone alarm product . everything seems fine , as long as i do n't try to use video over the internet ( including im webcams ) . i would recommend thinking about if you intend on using webserver programs before making this purchase
10407: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when will artist realize you ca n't change the old classics . the only successfull r&b group to sing the classic " night and day " to their own beat was the temptations cd " what women want " the best rendition i have ever heard . smokey does have the voice for these kinds of songs . another good cd with classics is willie nelson 's stardust
10409: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this book this weekend as we 're doing the pre-five in a row w / our preschooler and i do n't much like it . i 've got a mother w / borderline personality disorder and who does n't observe personal boundaries of other 's what-so-ever ( if i need a break away , she hunts down my poor husband , all my relatives and friends - ugh ) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as i could see her reading this to me and justifying her ' stalker mom ' mentality . in the end , i think if a person is from a semi-normal household w / proper respect for a child 's boundaries and need for space away from their parents , then this book is okay . i just find some moms are too smoothering - even ones w / o personality disorders - and this book does n't send a message about love as much as ' i own you' . i like ' mama do you love me ? ' better for explaining to a child a parent 's unconditional love . ' good-night moon ' by margaret wise brown , however , is by far my children 's all time favorite book . i was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed . they love it and so do we as parents . but this one even creeped my hubby out and he 's from a fairly ' normal ' family . take it w / a grain of salt
10411: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am having the same problem . i ordered this product from amazon on august 26. it is now october 26. i have not recieved it yet . i have never had this problem with amazon before . i may have to cancel my order too and go somewhere else . it is a shame , because amazon does have the best price i have found so far . i gave it 5 stars only because i had to give it a rating . i wanted to be fair to the company , but i have honestly never used one
10413: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i read this short novel because i greatly admired shaara 's pulitzer prize winning " killer angels , " and because i 'm a baseball fan . the novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher . it 's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot . the characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories . the feel or atmosphere just is n't quite there . any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away , flaws that distract and damage the work . shaara sets most of the novel in yankee stadium with the hawks playing the yankees . why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear . the hawks apparently are from atlanta , but an atlanta team , braves or hawks , whichever , would not be playing the yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season . finally , when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game , he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in yankee stadium- -not on the mound on the field . this book was published posthumously and mr. shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose- -prose that was excellent in " killer angels . " it 's unfortunate . there are glimmers of interest in the book , but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author 's other book
10423: real: neg ; predicted: pos
see bonnie raitt be slowly overtaken by the blahs , actually one is temped to think the album will be cool when listening to ` the fundametal things ' , but no
10424: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this film has great color production and performance . the price is also just right . you ca n't go wrong with the fujifilm superia x-tra 400
10428: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i could n't have found a better x-men product . every mag . has its own pdf . the readability is only limited by the size of your monitor
10429: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i already own a syncopro shaver so i decided to get one for my dad . he had been asking about electric shavers for a couple of weeks prior to me purhasing one for him . the reason i choose braun is because i love my shaver and have never had any problems . just keep it clean and buy the replacement parts when needed and you 'll be ib great shape . i love the way it shaves nice and clean ! ! ! ! i trully recommend this product .
10430: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have usedphotoshop 7 , and likedit.i beleive , adobe has made the photoshopelements 5 unnecessarily cumbersome in termsof downloading , saving , etc
10432: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ca n't believe that other reviewers are calling the moves in this video " easy to master " . i found some of them to be nearly impossible to follow . the camara barely focuses on her feet as she perfoms intricate latin dance footwork ! i am an athletic twenty-three year old girl who is not a slow learner . i just excercised with this dvd for the first time and it was really tough ! i did n't get a work out at all because i was scratching my head and rewinding the thing so much . she does n't break down the moves at all and it 's just so much more confusing than it needs to be . the dances are cute , but it 's frustrating that she does n't explain the moves . i hope no one else has to waste their money on this stupid thing
10433: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this edger is a perfect match with the wahl beard mustache trimmer . you can do a real professional job with these two items . robert paul jone
10435: real: pos ; predicted: neg
product is exactly what you would expect . i have been using it for 2 months 3-5 times a day with great success . i would buy it again knowing how well it works
10436: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i like the main voice ( s ) and i like the music , but the voices are over powered by the music . if they turned up the voices a bit i think this would be a great album . this album does not sound like other albums i have so i 'm not sure what to compare it to .
10437: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this shaver is ok but has an electronic problem . i get clean shave with little bit of effort but , my main problem is with on / off button . just after using this for 3-4 months my shaver on / off button stopped working . it is always in on position i ca n't switch off the razor . the only way it switches off is when the battery runs out
10438: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i tried this deodorant for 2 weeks and it peeled of my skin . stay away
10446: real: pos ; predicted: neg
wow , how nice to watch sam cooke 's story from beginning to end . interviews with the family adds a wealth of inside information . i never knew sam 's father was a chicago minister and of course sam was the younger one who surprised the family when he first sang ! unfortunate for music that his life was taken so early . after watching this dvd , i bought sam cooke music and surpised that some songs are songs i had no idea sam wrote
10447: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am extremelly disappointed with roxio , the makers of cd creators ; especailly easy cd creator 5. i purchased easy cd creator 5 , sometime back from an affiliate of amazon.com . it was dispatched promptly and in very good condition . i installed it on my computer running windows 98. after some initial problmes it was running fine . a few days back i installed windows xp professional on my computer , and i got a message that the cd creator was not compatible with this version of windows . it hinted to contact roxio . i tried contact roxio with the help of the link , but found it impossible to send them my message . they have an automated " roxann " that is so difficult to understand . next they invite you to a " webticket " and you are supposed to mention your problem on it . but when you submit your query or complain , nothing happens . the site just stares at you dumbly ! ! there is no way to obtain roxio 's mailing address either . so now i am stuck with this " easy cd creator 5 " with no help from roxio ?
10450: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love this item . i received it as a gift and now use it every single day . my hair dries so much faster after having been wrapped up in this . that 's great b / c now i do not have to blow dry as much , so my hair seems to be getting a lot healthier . only complaint would be that it does not stay wrapped very well . not sure if it 's the material or the size , but nonetheless , it still works great .
10452: real: pos ; predicted: neg
is an product of great quality , is a kit complete kit of accessories for hp 435i digital camera
10454: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i placed a wrong order and so now i am not able to watch the dvd i purchased . it was for area no 1 , but we ca n't watch the no 1 area movies in turkey . therefore i do not have a review
10459: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this glove will simply temporarily mask some of the symtoms associated with carpal tunnel syndrome and repetitive strain injuries and make problems worse . since one still has full function of his / her hands when using this , you are further injuring your hands by using the flexor muscles in grabing and squeezing . when using these gloves , your hands and wrist will feel better at first , but once the glove is removed your problems will persist and get progressively worse
10460: real: neg ; predicted: pos
so this page-turning thriller was on the best-selling list for a gazillion months and put catholic and fellow christian faithful in a defensive uproar . i 'm fairly well read and , yes , i 've earned a few bucks with my prose . i 'm also a sucker for historic tales , ancient folklore , mythology and old testament characters who lived for 800 years and begat like rabbits . ok , i decided , now that it 's in paperback , i 'll give it a read . what i concluded was this : those who found the da vinci code an affront to their faith could have could have ended the argument before it reached the level of theological debate by countering that brown 's work is a literary steaming pile . i read page after page , waiting for the moment when i would start to give a rat 's ass about the da vinci code 's protagonists . what a bunch of twits . langdon is a leading authority in the obscure field of symbology ( i do n't know if i spelled that right , but i 'm not about to go back in that book and check it ) . apparently , there are enough people in the world who crave more symbology that langdon 's books sell better than brown 's , entitling him to the academia equivalent of rock start status . sophie is effectively portrayed as a cuddly french chick who 's easy on the eyes - - someone a man might make a hit on before the first 300 pages if he was n't a dipwad like landgon . she 's got some inner deamons that make her interesting enough , but she 's been isolated from folks like you and me in a cradle of artsy culture so high-falluting most french probably could n't tolerate it . and then they hook up with that insufferable aristocratic british snob teabing . from cradle to some approptiately haught estate near ( but , of course ) versaille , this memeber of the royal lucky sperm club has never had to lift a finger to earn buck or a pound or a euro . so he 's been free to pursue his fascination with bigfoot rumors about how the priory of sion , opus dei and those cool holy grail knights from the third indiana jones movie have contrived through the centuries to keep the lid on damning evidence that jesus made a baby girl and god had originally intended women to be in charge of everything . or something like that . oh , i forgot , teabing 's crippled so i should feel bad about talking bad about him . anyway , this trio of prententious intellectual clods sit around do what pretentious intellectual clods do - - make lofty , self-affirmed pronouncments about how the world 's going to turn upside down when this cat gets out of the bag . the point is that these characters are n't very approachable and brown does little to convince me that this secret will destroy christian faith as we know it . hell , it 's been more than 100 years since darwin presented pretty clear evidence for evolution , yet the christian faithtul still pack churches around world . but back to how bad this book is . trite does n't begin to describe some of the wincing turns of phrase . i would give you some examples but , like i said , i 'm not going back in there . one of the more laughable scenes of upper-crust idiocy occurs when langdon and sophie meet up with teabing in his metrosexual parlor . by now , sophie and langdon have somehow eluded the grasp of professional killers several times , been on the run and are exhausted . with a straight face , brown describes how sophie 's delirium is sated by a spot of tea and her hunger is satisfied by.. . crumpets . yes , crumpets . hell , teabing , shut up about your conspiracy theories , roust your beligernet butler and have him fix these people something to eat . offer langdon a stiff drink . i sure needed one at this point . by now i 'm pulling for the albino . then they escape the jaws of death yet again and , naturally , high-tail it to england on teabing 's private jet . i hoped maybe teabow would turn back upon discovering he 'd left his grey poupon behind . i stopped reading it about 30 pages later when it became clear that the albino was n't going to get a chance to wack any of these intrepid protagonists . i do n't know how it ends . i do n't care . however , there were plenty enough nuggets of research on the subject to entice me into watching a few nice documentaries laying out this whole conspiracy on the history channel and discovery . who knows ? you might like it . this is just my opinion
10462: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this dvd of the wiggles is my 21 / 2 year old grandsons favorite . he watches it every day and never tires of it . i enjoy watching it with him . the wiggles are great entertainment for people of all ages . i do n't think you can go wrong with the wiggles
10464: real: pos ; predicted: neg
release the bats is definatly one of my favorite dvds i own . it will show you a side of pete wentz and others you may or may not want to see.. . i thought it was very interesting to see and its kind of cool to see another side others may not have . you also get to find out who dirty is or whatever . pete says things about him in a couple of places ( online ) and all i could think is " who is that ? " so thats also very exciting . i would say as long as you have a good sense of humor your pretty much safe buying this . remember : its the stuff deemed ' unfit ' for " my heart with always be the b-side to my tongue
10465: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i normally do not enjoy movies about the making of movies , so i was very pleasantly surprised to be thoroughly entertained by ' living in oblivion' . the reason i took the chance at all was due to the presence of catherine keener , one of our most overlooked and under-appreciated hollywood actresses . she once again did not disappoint , but the entire cast was extremely good . you get a real education on the frustrations and challenges involved with making a low budget film . buscemi is also right on target as the stessed out director . the amazon reviews are for the most part positive about this film and for good reason . i 'm glad to join my fellow amazonians in heaping praise on this low budget gem
10467: real: neg ; predicted: pos
everyone who has rated this film over 1-star is involved in the making of this crappy movie . click on the link to see their other reviews.. . where are they ? ! ! this movie is absolutely terrible . if you can handle more than ten minutes of it , you 're a tougher man than m
10472: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this item did n't work very well . it was n't a close shave at all . i used it twice before my dog chewed it up . it left a fine stubble on my legs and kind of hurt my armpits both times i used it .
10475: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this movie is very mildly amusing for about ten minutes . yes , it is slightly interesting to see the cannes environment , but not enough to watch this film . it could be a cure for insomnia , though . fans who are looking forward to seeing their favorite actors in a satire will be disappointed . you can count in seconds the amount of time any famous actor is on the screen , and it 's really just very boring . all those fans of johnny depp : be particularly warned . he may have co-star billing , but blink and you 'll miss him
10476: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is great holloween movie to watch to get you in the spirit ! i watch it numerous times every year right before holloween with my little sister . its a great movie ! ! ! ! ! ! !
10479: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great cd with many good songs as it is one of my favorites and bruce rules
10481: real: neg ; predicted: pos
darkbasic is only good for people very new to programming and interested in games . to make a commercial-quality game in this language would be lunacy , basic just is n't quite flexible enough to do that with ease , and the darkbasic renderer looks very , very ugly . however , basic remains very easy to learn and darkbasic has some commands that are fun to toy with . if you 're trying to get into serious game development , learn c++ and either learn how to use libraries like opengl or directx , or start modding a popular engine like the unreal engine or source . and make sure you 've learned a good deal of physics and math
10486: real: pos ; predicted: neg
pedometer is great ! easy to use , accurate . highly recommend it
10487: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this smarmy kevin costner vehicle is a trite half-baked movie . i found this movie nearly unwatchable . if you 're looking for outstanding movies with a baseball theme try bull durham and eight men out
10489: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this cd not long after it came out . it did n't last long in my collection because it only has a few good songs on it ! ! ! i like somehow our love survives and abandoned garden . other than that this is a mediocre effort for michael . he has used this kind of brazilian theme on sleeping gypsy already . stick with your roots michael...you are from california...not south america . try buying blue pacific instead ! ! ! i abandoned this one a long time ago
10493: real: neg ; predicted: pos
great product but shame on amazon for selling it without telling people that it is old software . kudos to acronis for giving me a free upgrade to 10. acronis 10 is absolutely wonderful
10494: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i just saw this woman live and she 's amazing ! ! ! ! the songs come alive when you hear them ! it 's hard to put into words the state that her music and lyrics put you in . but trust me it 's a good place ! please check her music out if you 're into heartfelt music
10495: real: pos ; predicted: neg
having had the delight of living in st. andrews and traveling over most of scotland playing golf , allan 's book is the best i have seen , by far , for describing the reality of golf , travel , and living in scotland . he sugarcoats nothing , his opinion mirrors mine , and he is interested is ensuring his readers know exactly what to expect and know exactly how to best user their time and travel dollars . even with my scottish experience and contacts , his book is my golf / travel in scotland bible .
10498: real: neg ; predicted: pos
let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , " the descent " was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , " the descent " " the descent " begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal . at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there . even though " the descent " was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . " the descent " is unrated and contains violence and language
10499: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought pc-cillin because it has 4 stars in amazon rating , which is much better than mcafee and norton . but i am wrong . before installed pc-cillin , everything is fine . but after installed , i can not access my yahoo email . after calling customer service two times , even uninstalled pc-cillin , i still can not access yahoo email . now i have to re-install windows xp . it will cost me a lot of time . anyone knows what wrong is
10501: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you 're reading this . you want to upgrade , your old computer to windows xp professional edition here are a few things to keep in mind . first thing is , you can download service pack two from windows update . so no need to buy it integrated with xp . these are what i consider the minimum system requirements : 256 mb of ram . i have found is adequate more equals better . 500 mhz or higher will do . 7200 rpm hard drive will help a lot . if you 're running windows millennium edition , or 98 upgrade now the stability is vastly improved . gone are the blue screens of death . frequently asked question : is windows xp pro better than home edition ? windows xp pro has a more high-end networking features that most home users will never miss or would even know were missing . so for most users windows home edition is fine . they both are based on the same code and are almost identical . if you 're thinking of upgrading from windows 2000 , i did , because i like the gui interface better . but windows xp is as stable as windows 2000. so it 's your call . the plug-and-play ability of windows xp is totally great ! windows xp will by default find most drivers for video card sound cards , network cards , etc. that is such a bonus gone in the days of having to search for cds with drivers . i recommend upgrading to windows xp be a professional or home edition . it is a great operating system have some fun and get it done
10502: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i really enjoyed this movie ! its not one of the best and a little cheesy ! but easy to watch and one of the funniest films ive seen him in ! just a shame he never got to show us what a good actor he could have been
10503: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a ridiculously good album . this is as good an introduction to jawbox as you 're going to find . it 's got most of their really great songs , plus some live songs which are great . another good thing is that desoto records ( the label that was started by the band ) has re-released the cd , so it should n't be as hard to find
10504: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the software was just what i expected and very useful to me when creating publisher documents that need to be emailed to clients .
10507: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a difficult book for beginner-level spanish language students . i kept it b / c i understand that it is one they use at the immersion course i will be taking soon in mexico . probably will not use it before that or subsequent
10508: real: neg ; predicted: pos
" st. elmo 's fire " is one of those movies that could have been better , should have been better and yet , it just wasn't . it featured an ensemble cast of the young and hot stars of the 1980s , the so-called brat pack ( well , everyone but molly ringwald and anthony michael hall , who were spared this misstep ) . maybe this was supposed to be " the breakfast club - - after college " , but while " the breakfast club " had characters , even stereotypical characters , that you could relate to , there is absolutely no one , with the exception of emilio estevez ' character , that you care enough about to relate to in this film . the setting is not the john hughes teen friendly illinois , but georgetown , where our bunch of brat packers have supposedly graduated from college . uh-huh . yeah , right . judd nelson and ally sheedy are living together and supposedly looking toward marriage - - problem is , nelson is looking at and screwing everything else female that walks by and somehow hoping that sheedy , in her prim and proper sweater and skirt sets and pearls can change that . andrew mccarthy is their mutual friend who knows what nelson is up to and secretly harboring a festering desire for sheedy ( or maybe it 's just the pearls ? ) emilio estevez is a future attorney , working as a waiter / server and suffering a serious crush on andie macdowell . mare winningham is a dowdy , trust-fund type girl who is still holding on to her virginity , working in social services and fighting over marrying the proper dork that her parents have selected for her . she instead fantasizes about rob lowe , who is the pretty boy sax player in a local band , who has dropped out of school , married a white trash-y looking groupie , had a child with her and has now separated from her , and taking up with other groupies . demi moore is the wild chick who works in international banking , has a serious coke problem , stepmother issues and a problem with painting her apartment walls hot pink and with giant murals of billy idol . sounds promising , huh ? well , in what is an early portend of the " melrose place " to come , sheedy finds out what a dog nelson is , dumps his ass , immediately jumps into bed with mccarthy , who is too desperately in love with her to realize that this is a rebound job ; estevez , after screwing up a lucrative house-sitting job by hosting a party there , travels to the snowy mountains to track down macdowell and profess his love to her . he finds that she is holed up there with her boyfriend and despite being crushed , he lays a huge kiss on her and then heads back home . lowe , in between faux-playing his sax and shaking his feathered head everywhere , takes winningham 's virginity and heads back to his estranged missus . moore , after whining seemingly incessantly about her ill stepmother , has all her furnishings repossessed , loses her job and freaks out . not exactly " the breakfast club " . the real problems seem to lie in the characters themselves . with the exception of estevez ' character , they all seem like caricatures and horribly stereotyped . their every action , every line of dialogue seems like just that - - they seem very one dimensional . their so-called angst seems like a handy plotline device and nothing more than that . winningham 's character could have been salvagable - -except that she followed lowe around like a sick puppy , knowing full well how he mistreated his wife and what a basic slacker he was . and yet , she still gave her virginity to him . maybe if winningham was n't so bright , or she was a college freshman , it would be understandable . but she was a college graduate and seemingly intelligent . lowe really had little to do with his role . maybe if he had played the role nelson had - - as the roving lothario , with sheedy waiting at home , it might have gone over better . with his too-pretty looks , it would almost be understandable how the character could get random women he just met to sneak into dressing rooms with him . nelson just does n't seem comfortable and does n't pull it off - -but maybe nelson might have been better suited for the sax player . moore basically plays herself - -an interesting sidenote is that she was originally fired from this production for her drug problems , mirroring her character - - but was later rehired . while the title song later become a minor hit , " st. elmo 's fire " itself missed the mark .
10510: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i would argue that since we really have n't evolved all that far since our primate days human males still have loads of aggression and animalistic behavior they need to get out . and despite the best efforts from civilization in general to neuter them that aggression still has to go someplace . in mary harron 's " american psycho " it comes out in all the wrong places . the film is a character study of one patrick bateman ( christian bale ) , a wall street yuppie by day and an ax murderer by night . patrick is a man who has been forced to the edge because of the fakeness that surrounds him . it 's not just the suits and the empty conversations either . it is the peeing contests over who has the best haircut or apartment or business card . he tries to talk about his problems , he really does , but nobody listens to him because nobody listens period . to their ears " murders and executions " is interchangeable with " mergers and acquisitions . " the film is a big punch in the face to the egotistical businessmen of the 1980's . this particular gordon gekko is overdone and overacted by christian bale in a great performance . he is robotic , phony , arrogant and absurd . he is the kind of guy who will have a 3 some with prostitutes just so that he can admire himself in the mirror doing so ( all the while flexing his biceps ) . more than anything he is militantly materialistic . he is dexter mixed with jim profit , only he likes to style and profile while taking an ax to a co-workers head . the whole point , which is made clear in the final scene , is that while these people may truly believe that only the glossy veneer matters it is really the inside that counts . just because these people make enough cash to swim in , scrooge mcduck style , does n't mean that their behavior is excusable . harron paints the modern businessman as an american psycho , and it is all too fitting . to make it in the business world your conscious and your soul must be turned off , you must be turned into patrick bateman . the film is a great success . as a horror movie villain patrick has one of the most compelling backstories ever . every scene has great energy to it and even though bale looks a little out of place his acting is so good you ca n't stop watching him . there is something of a conflict presented when willem dafoe shows up to play a detective on the case of one of patrick 's murders . that storyline is interesting while it lasts , but it is never quite wrapped up . i would also admit that after awhile i got a little sick of swimming in these debaucherous waters . he may never tire of having it dirty and bloody but i eventually did . the character is endlessly fascinating ( what is up with his love of cheesy 80 's music ? ) and the scene where he kills paul allen will leave you stunned and hypnotized . the male need for aggression is n't going anyplace and we need to find a good way to channel it . . .otherwise we are going to have a lot more patrick bateman 's and iraq wars on our hands . ***3 /
10511: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a great exercise tape- -plenty of variety and feels like it is doing the trick . if only denise would come into the house and make me exercise daily , this would really work
10513: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read about lila downs ' new cd , la cantina , in victor cruz - lugo 's article entitled , " sweet sorrow , " published in the june-july 2006 issue of hispanic magazine ( page 76 ) . it is an honor and a pleasure to offer these few reflections on lila downs ' new cd , la cantina : 1. the cd cover is awesome , a beautiful and colorful work of art illustrating lila in a pensive and contemplative mid-air pause with her guitarra ready to rock . it strikes me as an example of the rising feminine in our time , awakening the historically-oppressed feminine from its slumber and into an alto canto of unstoppable and celebratory song . 2. each track is a lively composition of mexican corridos and sones impregnated with lila 's lovely voice that makes me feel so proud to be mexicano-chicano-hualahuisense and a member of our precious universal human family . 3. i first was introduced to lila downs and her musical talent when i enrolled in writer juan felipe herrera 's legendary manikrudo summer arts class at cal state fresno in 2000. juan felipe invited her to our class room and she impressed us all with her down-to-earth talented voice . later that night we all saw her in concert at the tower theatre in fresno and i 've been a fan of her work ever since . 4. this new cd is indeed a delightful experience . i appreciate that she moved into the corrido , son , etc. genres which makes me appreciate her music so much more . it has so much more appeal to me without bordering on the commercial and superficious . it 's authentic and retains its articistic musical integrity . i think that this is a hallmark that we can expect from all of lila 's work . she is a true artist . i 've always appreciated her darker and earthier songs in her first two cds , however , this new stride into popular folk corridos is a movement into another aspect of the heart and soul of the mexicano experience . 5. i am very impressed with lila 's voice and how it has matured since the summer of 2000. there seems to be more color and flair in it and definitely mucho corazon . ahua ! her solos in " yo ya me voy , " have my soul spinning to the outer edges of infinity . as victor cruz-lugo writes , " through it all , downs ' powerful alto voice cuts a path into the deepest pits of your heart , tears something out of there and somewhow we as listeners wind up asking her for more of the same . " this is my favorite of lila 's repertoire . it is my opinion that those who purchase this cd will not be disappointed . enjoy !
10516: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the best out of three guide books i looked at , and a must for the first trip to the big island .
10521: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my first favorite television series was " twelve o'clock high " and i had at least two models of the " memphis belle " when i was kid , all of which simply reflects the fact that the b-17 flying fortress is my favorite airplane . when i was a kid my family was driving through california and there was a b-17 parked out on somebody 's front lawn on a ranch and for years i tried to figure out how to go back and see it . a couple of decades later one of the few b-17s still flying came to the zenith city and i finally got to go inside one ( this big bombers are a lot smaller than i ever thought ) . for all i know that particular b-17 ended up flying in the 1990 film " memphis belle . " when i had occasion to drive through the city of memphis , of course i made a point of visiting mud island where the " memphis belle " was on display ( she was moved to the air force museum in dayton , ohio this october ) . the " memphis belle " ( serial no . 41-24485 ) was one of 12 , 750 b-17 flying fortresses built by the boeing aircraft company , but it was the most famous because it was the first heavy bomber to complete 25 combat missions over hitler 's europe without losing a crew member . the idea of 25 missions and going home was established by the bomber command as an incentive for air crews because morale was desperately low after the first three months of american combat flights over europe during which eighty percent of the planes were shot down . the " belle " flew from november 7 , 1942 to may 17 , 1943 and its final flight is the fanciful subject of this film directed by michael caton-jones ( " scandal " ) from the script by monte merrick ( " staying together " ) . that simply means that besides the fact that the " memphis belle " was named for a lady friend ( margaret polk ) of the pilot and that the art on the nose depicting the same ( designed by the famous artist george petty ) there is nothing here that is historically accurate when it comes to that final mission , which was over lorient , france and not bremen , germany ( the " belle " flew there on its 21st mission ) . the names of the crew are all changed and i think the same applies to the plane 's mascot , a scotty dog named " stuka . " so if you want something closer to the " true " story of the pilot robert morgan and the " memphis belle " you want to check out william wyler 's 1944 documentary " the memphis belle : a story of a flying fortress . " what you have here instead is a hollywood movie that celebrates the men who flew these bombers in world war ii by incorporating a wide variety of clichs from war movies involving airplanes . then there is the whole idea that americans from all walks of life who have little in common besides a desire to get home alive band together to fight the nazis . so it is we have the young and recognizable faces of matthew modine as the business like pilot , eric stoltz as the poetic radio operator , tate donovan as the co-pilot who wants to actually do something before he goes home , d.b. sweeney as the navigator who is convinced his number is up , billy zane as the bombardier who left medical school to fight , sean austin as the runt who is stuck in the ball turret , reed edward diamond as the flight engineer , courtney gains and neil giuntoli as the bickering waist gunners , and harry connick as tail gunner and sometime crooner . back at the base david strathairn plays the commanding officer nervous about his boys getting back alive and john lithgow is the public relations officer the army has sent to celebrate the final mission of the " belle . " of course , it is hard to create tension given that most viewers know the " memphis belle " is remembered for completing that final mission , so any tension that is created tends to be somewhat artificial although there are some nice moments during the bomb run ( the film might play better if it simply inspired by the " belle " and they changed the name of the aircraft as well ) . but even if the " belle " survives there are other several b-17 crews on the mission who will not . still , the idea that doing your duty could not just be dangerous but be outright suicidal is communicated , allowing modine 's character to explain the job to his nervous crew and underscore that americans do not believe in collateral damage . but what will probably stand out in this film is the grim lesson that donovan 's character learns when he tries to be a hero by doing somebody else 's job .
10524: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i really liked this cam bag..it serves its purpose very well and is really cute too !
10528: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" the changeling " has become a little bit dated , however , it is still a very good ghost story . the film stars ( george c . scott ) as john russell , a composer who has lost his family in a tragic accident . he rents a large estate in order to compose his music . it is here that he encounters the ghost of a young boy . why is the boy haunting the estate ? why is he making contact with john russell ? as the film moves forward , john russell contacts a medium and eventually begins to investigate the mansion . from what he can gather , it was the former home of senator carmichael ( melvin douglas ) . what ensues is the mystery of who the child is , and who is senator carmichael . what occurred in the mansion that is keeping this child there ? this is more of a mystery than a horror film . the suspense of the film is through the nuances the director created by use of creepy sounds and effects in which the boy 's wheelchair moves . the film is dated , and does not have the appeal it once had for me , however , it is still a good watch . recommended .
10532: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one
10533: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the subject provided a good historical perspective on japan 's renaissance period , post civil wars and pre-westernization . in many respects musashi , a ronin represents japan 's search for an identity , a country ruled by military might in the form of the shogun , yet keeping an emperor who they revered as a god , a god without power . this sword saint was a man of great prowess with a sword of wood or of steel ; he was also an artist , a lithographer and an author . yet , he was masterless , masterless in a time when righteous was measured in a retainer 's devotion to his master . he was his own master , in a time when japan had no voice , serving all , without righteous . it would take an other two hundred and fifty years or so and a world war to release the spirit of the samurai , that being honor amongst personal sacrifice a picture painted in the person of miyamoto musashi struggle for perfection and personal mastery of his profession , master of the sword
10536: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the title of this book should be " photoshop finishing borders " dave devotes too much time and effort giving tips on framing and giving borders to your images . there are a few other tips i was happy to see , however i have to give this one a definite thumbs down . i still love you dave . ( i want my money back !
10539: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there 's nothing you can tell clearly about this movie , because from the very beginning to the end , i 've just heard lota f words ; f....this , f....that , typical stupid stereotyped mafia talks . and i swear to god when i watched this pathetic movie and thought that if mafia could be this stupid , and if they could just use that fxxx word in every sentence they talked , and if they thought that by using this fxxx word once they open their mouth to talk and used this f word to show their smartness and toughness , or if they thought by simply using this big f word and they could kill thy kingdom come , then america might not look like what we 're seeing now . maybe the mafia could just use this big word to kill all the terrorists in the world , maybe they could just use it to solve all the problems and guess what ? they 're just using that word to kill each other . or is this just what hollywood think that all the mafia mob guys could walk the walk easier by simply using this big f word to talk the talk ? i do n't have any clue , man
10542: real: pos ; predicted: neg
coming from a listener with a broad scope of musical preferences , blues has always been a multi-faceted genre which can be broken down into the categories:soulful blues , drinking blues and guitar blues . " b.b king - live at the regal " is one of those recordings that just happens to capture all three . this recording is dear to my heart as i can remember far back as first or second grade when my grandmother ( god bless ) used to play this on 8-track . she used to love herself some riley " blues brother " king . this recording always seemed to be in the player when my cousins and i would come over to visit and rest assured , you will hear it before you left to go home . at that time , being the young naive kid that i was , i remember saying that i hated it and that it was old folks music . all grown up now , in an age where real music is practically unheard of in terms of what these young artists of today release on cds , i have a newfound respect for real stuff like this . so instead of sitting around burning your brain cells trying to understand what this new generation is calling itself creating , you have decided to come to one of the first sources for good old fasioned real music....the blues . in my opinion , " bb king live at the regal " is one of mr. king 's best recordings and with myself not being a big fan of live albums , this is one of those rare live pieces that captures the essence of what a live recording should sound like . maybe not so much in terms of the musicianship but the overall performance of those involved . the arrangements were put together nicely & the musicians were all in a very tight vibe on this album and whoever was on the mixing board did an excellent job of capturing this essence . bb 's pickin ' and crooning mixed with the superb playing by the band make this a wonderful place to start for the blues or bb king enthusiast . it sounds as if it was made in a tasteful nightclub full of grown people who wanted to hear good music while having a good time . the ladies were screaming and the gentlemen were cheering and bb was playing at his best . the only gripe i have about this disc is that it is very short ; which was typical considering the age and time that it was made but still essential and a solid lesson for anyone interested in blues ( especially blues guitar ) . i recommend getting this and bb 's " live in cook county jail " . they both are live albums and both have some of the same songs on them but they were done in a different way and should still be heard . good choice if you get this one .
10545: real: neg ; predicted: pos
far from user-friendly , you will be at the office later at night tearing out your hair trying to find the buttons on the tool bar for even the simplest of office tasks , wondering " why did i get this program again ? " its like reading another language after using previous editions of word , which i was a big fan of . i guess with some extensive getting used to the it might be nice but for now it 's a nuisance . i ca n't find anything on this toold bar that looks like an airplane cockpit . in the words of thoreau " simplify . " good luck sending files as attachments to colleagues-they wo n't be able to view the newere version . get used to saving in " 97-2003 word format . " also , wo n't comply with other programs such as e-fax unless saved in this manner . at this price , you could do without the headache .
10546: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was intrigued by his & quot ; the end of history . &quot ; i thought his & quot ; trust&quot ; was a brilliant book and used it extensively in my masters thesis and doctoral dissertation . i only hope this latest book is a disruption in an ongoing chain of good books . in the end , & quot ; the great disruption&quot ; is a down right silly book . it has a lot of usefull data but fukuyama 's humanistic ideology clouds it all . all his empirical data and any real understanding of history undermine his polly-anna conclusion : that things just have to get better because people are ultimately good . fukuyama proves that the moral consensus - - the social capital - - of the earlier era has been wiped away . that crime has sky-rocketed and that the apparent drops in recent crime rates are only the result of high incarceration rates and lower percentages of younger men . then he turns around and wants us to believe that disfunctional behaviour has dropped because people are naturally gregarious and have a natural inclination to rebuild social capital . he does n't bother to deal with societies - - like ethiopia - - that have never been able to build up enough social capital . he does n't really look any further back in history past about 1950. his generalizations about the 19th century merely show how little he has taken into account the big picture of history . he thinks ( based on his ideology of human goodness ) that things just have to get better . if he had studied pitirim sorokin for a really big picture of history , he would know better . people can come to a similar optimistic conclusion as does fukuyama but they will need to be much better grounded in history if they are going to make generalizations about long-term historical cycles . for that , i would recommend robert w . fogel 's & quot ; the fourth great awakening and the future of egalitarianism . &quot ; fogel , a nobel prize winner , has all the optimism of fukuyama but with the history to back it up
10547: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this program is dependable and adequate within the limits that it is avertised to do . for instance , it wo n't keep track of inventory , since it was not designed to do so
10548: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i switched to tax cut years ago after turbotax ( in 2003 ) implemented their idiotic validation scheme . i figured i was doing my part to punish intuit / turbotax . and for all those years i 've been happy with tax cut . not this year . i found some major bugs which cost me a lot of time . i had my return done , but the numbers were seriously out of whack - - i know i did n't have that much income ! going back through the interview process did n't turn up the source of the added money . only by checking the actual " forms " did i find that several copies of 1099-misc forms were hidden from the interview process , and by adding the same data in non-hidden copies , i was double entering the data . there was no easy way to recover . i eventually had to wipe the installation and start all over . a call to tech support did absolutely no good . the person on the other end did n't seem to understand the problem with having " hidden " copies of forms going into the calculations . if those are hidden , what else is it doing wrong ? i 'm not quite sure how do deal with this next year . go back to turbotax ? hope tax cut fixes its problems ? or go to a human tax preparer ? whatver my choice , i 'm not looking forward to it .
10549: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the happy co electric head tripper for my husband for christmas . he has wanted ones that we 've seen in the mall , so this seem to be a good one . well , the plastic pieces that fit into the slot were very flemsy . we had to be careful not to snap it trying to get it in . once we got it in , the head tripper felt great . it really did send goosebumps down my spine . the only problem is the purple plastic piece broke off , litterally the next day after giving it to him . it first was bent and then finally broke all the way off . i do not recommend this product . i was thinking of getting the ting ting motorized head massager to replace them . you can still use the happy head tripper it is just one tong short
10551: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i expected more african vocals in it. . thats the main reason i brought the cd , i recently became a fan of that kind of music. . it had like 3 songs on there that i liked , besides that this album is garbag
10553: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" american gigolo " stars richard gere of a high priced male prostitute . he is coasting along with his rich southern cailifonia clients until one of them is murdered . when he is considered the main suspect , he goes on the run , with his only friend being the wife of a politician . at the begining he tells people that he is a moral man , for example , he dos n't service gays , more on that in a moment . it is interseting to note that gere also played in a movie about hookers a decade later in " pretty woman " and it made a star out of julia roberts . but that is where the similarities end . this is a much darker story about hypocracy . when he falls under suspicion all his clients that liked him before all distance themselves from him . in the end , he finds himself a hypocrit , because in order to get an aliby he is willing to do anything job ; gays , s and m , anything to avoid jail . the only love story here is about him and the politician 's wife ( lauren hutten ) . it is complicated by the fact that he will not let anyone in close to him , even for his own protection . for all it 's darkness there is one funny scene . richard gere is called in for a line up at the police department . he tells the other men in the line up that he got paid , and the others get angry and cause a scene , averting the attention off of gere . this is a really good movie as an examination of society 's attitude toward sex . this film was written and directed by paul schrader , if that is why it seems like a less brutal companion to " taxi driver " . richard gere is wooden , but his character is cold and icy , so that approach is right . lauren hutten is alright as the bored housewife of a powerful man ; she seems sincere in wanting to help gere . but i thought the standout performance was bill duke as the slezzy street pimp who is quiet but menacing ( as oppose to gere 's ' madam ' ) , but also provides the warning to gere at the beginning that his 15 minutes of fame are running out . and another future " pretty woman " player is present ; hector elanzo . he plays the detective on gere 's trail ; but he is slimy and rather unlikable here . well worth your time , but for adults only
10554: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i wanted to use this product to tape sporting events , as part of a promotions unit i belong to . i had used videowave 7 which was ok and produced a more than adequate product , but would on occassion crash to the extent i would have to reload the software . i thought i would give pe 3.0 ago , since adobe products generally have a good reputation . well , it goes to show that you ca n't just rely on reputation . the program lets me down horribly when capturing the video from the camera . the camera records dvd video ( vob files ) straight to dvd . when i capture these files into the pe program , all moving images within the video become pixelated with lost resolution to the point of being useless . i have tried various other ways of capturing but always the same result . there is nothing to be done from that point...for me this program falls on the first hurdle ! ! it is unbelievable to me that a professionally released image processing algorithm could corrupt video so badly , and frustrating that i actually paid money for it...a first year undergraduate could have provided a better effort . i have subsequently gone through the motions to produce a video , and to be honest he layout of the settings , ease of applicaiton of various functions is quite good and better than videowave 7 imho . i was able to produce quite nice edited products with intro , text and audio overlays very quickly . still this is n't much use when the video itself had already been digitally butchered . if you are videoing things that do n't move you may well like this product . if you are videoing dynamic scenes , give it a miss . big disappointment
10555: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this has been a good purchase for us . we are in northern italy for about 7 weeks , and needed to navigate a number of cities : for several business meetings and just to find our way around . it has been an invaluable tool . we have still used physical maps to a certain extent , but in finding the shortest routes , and other points of interest , this has helped us never to be lost ( so far !
10558: real: neg ; predicted: pos
unless you take picture outside , no matter what you do , the picture comes out blurry . flash does n't help at all - it takes more than 5 seconds for it to take a picture , and you still get a blurry picture with horrible quality indoors . my sister had a camera from olympus , with 5 megapixel and 3x zoom too , but i found it so much easier to take a picture ( and a better one too ) with that one . unless you want to buy your 5th grader his / her toy camera , you should n't consider nikon 5600.
10560: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this out of all the many versions of jane eyre has to be my least favorite.. . granted samantha morton has a very adorable fairy / elfin like face like mr rochesters description of her , but her acting has no highs and lows . she stands up to mr edwards a little too much giving really snappy answers , seemingly no respect to her employer , which is not fault of hers , the writing of the script is bad... . and so the direction . ciaran hinds is totally over the top . he is so angry with no understanding , his eyes are very lustful and at times crazed . he is not at all like the character described in brontes epic book of a very sad and tortured man who falls hopelessly in love with the innocence and singular personality of earnest , honest and yet strong sweet jane eyre that charlotte bronte brought so vividly to life with her classic words . the over acting of both during the proposal scene is almost comical.to me there is no love , feeling or chemistry here between the two actors just lust... . he seems to be going through a middle age crises just eyeing up this young girl , and she though supposedy a virgin.. . she dos n't act like one . plus this movie seems very rushed you can never get a good foot hold of the story especially during janes childhood . i do also miss the gypsy scene that is omitted in many of these movies and was expertly done in the dalton / clarke mini series , which brought some brief light heartednes to an otherwise very dark story . if you want to see great versions . i highly rate the 1944 movie with orson wells though it is another abreviatd version , that movie truly captured the spirit and feel . it is moody dark and mysterious . another is the fantastic timothy dalton version which is most accurate to the book of all the movies taking actual lines right from the brontes story . dalton 's and clarkes acting is simply superbly sublime ! however if you are like me , see them all and make your own decision . they all have something to offer and most are entertaining.. .
10561: real: neg ; predicted: pos
broke after 5 days . i used it the way it was meant to be used , cleaned it nightly , etc , i had read a review that said theirs broke after a short time and ignored it . i wish i had n't , this is junk
10563: real: neg ; predicted: pos
these songs are hacked up versons of rick 's music . i played it a couple of times until i got the library of original lps . the lps are better . at least they carry full versions of songs . i pass on rick and this package . rca cheats people out of good music. .
10564: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i first encountered bird3 opening for veruca salt the summer of 2001. that band had put their faith into bird and so have i . we fell in love with them all together . this band has successfully combined infectious pop hooks with soul-baring lyrics to create something unique , beautiful , and far from most of the trite pop or rock music you hear on the radio today . you 'll find yourself not only humming along , but holding this music close to your heart at your most intimate moments . you will not once regret buying this piece of art
10568: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this frame as a gift for a friend of mine . when i saw it on her desk and noticed the terrible quality of the images , i was embarassed that i had given such an inferior item as a gift . perhaps the images she had loaded were quite low resolution , but the pictures looked terrible with huge pixels . i would not recommend this item at all
10572: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this video is great for the beginners and the advanced beginners . i started taking a vinyasa class and was unable to coordinate my schedule with class times so i looked for a video to supplement my practice at home . what a great choice . baron baptiste takes his time to explain the poses and provides the mood that is needed to practice yoga at home . i highly recommend this dvd
10573: real: pos ; predicted: neg
made in 1959 , douglas sirk 's imitation of life is still just as evocative and as gorgeous to look today as it was almost 50 years ago . it 's a real cinematic treat , shameless tearjerker , and an unabashed melodrama that dares to confront head-on issues of racism and the problems of motherhood at the stage when one 's teenagers - in this case daughters- -are growing up and preparing to enter the world . lana turner has never looked more ravishing as lora meredith , a young new york widow who will do anything to realize her dreams of broadway stardom . together with her young daughter susie , they live in a squalid apartment eking out a hand-to-mouth existence , their futures fuelled by unfulfilled dreams . one day at coney island , lora and susie meet another a white girl sarah jane , who is being taken care of by a black woman , annie johnson ( juanita moore ) , whom lora mistakes for the maid . when told by her that she 's the mother , the surprised lora falters but then accepts it without a question as if it were a natural thing that a black woman has a white child . the angelic and virtuous annie asks lora if she can come and help out around the apartment . lora is initially hesitant - not because of annie 's race but because she 's struggling and does n't have any money to pay her a wage . eventually , however , she relents and tells annie that her and her daughter can stay for one night . at the same time , lora meets the extremely fine-looking wannabe photographer , steve archer ( john gavin ) . steve takes an instant liking to lora and offers to marry her . but lora is far too concerned with realizing her acting dreams to be stifled by a man and by marriage . meanwhile , the saintly annie is troubled that her daughter is ashamed of being black and tries to pass herself off in school as white . imitation of life follows these characters throughout their lives , with sirk piling on the sentiment and melodrama every chance he can get . lora does indeed become a famous broadway actress , yet neglects her growing daughter in the process . steve goes on to become a president of a large photographic organization , but has trouble relating to lora 's need to be independent and famous . annie 's heart is eventually broken , gradually worn down by years of emotional abuse from her daughter . sara jane is so angry at being labeled as black that she repudiates her mother and ultimately runs away . annie always stays the subservient and loyal maid ; whilst her best friend and employer goes on to bask in a lush and international success . the contrast of the mother 's compensations from their conflicting daughters is the story 's ultimate paradox . lora , annie , steve and the two girls seem to be victims of each other . they all want to follow their own dreams and forge their own paths in life even when it does n't seem to be doing them much good . they are also surprisingly oblivious of how manipulated they are by the world around them . lora gets her career but she 's unlucky in love and terminally insecure as a mother , whilst sara jane - perhaps the most damaged character - achieves her ambition to pass herself off as a white girl , but at great personal cost to both her and her aging mother . under douglas sirk 's accomplished direction , miss turner et al acts ornately and elaborately , everything is over emphasized to within an inch of its life , especially lana 's gorgeous outfits , yet the film - clocking in at over two hours - is always compelling and is never boring . the screenplay is sophisticated , the themes are brave and tempting and the look of the film - the brilliant surfaces , audacious colors , and the spatial complexities of 50s moderne architecture - bring to the forefront a bittersweet world of fantasy , entrapment , and emotional anxiety , and where the price of following one 's dreams eventually comes at a harsh and desultory cost . mike leonard june 06.
10574: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i also had the heater on mine go out after a few short months . i really loved this machine though ! it actually blew air ! and it has the nice safe switches unlike the toggles that most have now . i had one of those previously and my cats turned it on while i was gone and almost burned the place down . so anyway , i 'm trying to contact the manufacturer , but i doubt it will do any good . too bad . loved it while it worked . hoped it was a fluke and was going to order another before i saw the reviews
10575: real: neg ; predicted: pos
nice look , good feel , turns on fast , takes great pictures . really great , with ridiculous depth of field and resolution , you can in no way appreciate how good the pictures will look on the lcd back , which is huge . so , what 's my beef ? slow pictures , double flash , slow slow follow on shot , slow . okay say cheese , one second , two seconds... . i only got thiis camera because i thought that problem was solved . yes my battery is charged , no i do not see how to stop the problem other than no flash at all.. . where is one flash and let me worry about the red eye ? slow - i hate it ! ! ! ! ! ! still , its awsome , slick , and a fair price
10576: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ca n't give this book more than two stars , and that 's being generous . mr. hall does present some interesting ideas , but unfortunately , his editors have done him a huge disservice . here are the first three sentences of stage i , on page 23 ; essentially what we have now- -nanoscale science and technology- -including the ability to image at the atomic scale with scanning probe microscopes , and a very limited ability to manipulate , that is , by pushing things around with the same scanning probes . a scanning probe is essentially like feeling something with a stick . because you have a computer behind it , you can touch it in a very close grid of points and produce a picture . i made it through the first fifty pages , and it did n't get any better . i do n't know if mr. hall had a final read before publication , or not , but someone should have stopped this book from being published until it was properly edited .
10579: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this lens for my canon powershot g5 , and because it requires the use of a long adapter , not only does it cause terrible vignetting ( that circle the other poster thought was cool , but which is actually a design flaw ) unless you zoom most of the way , it blocks the built-in flash . i have owned four canon cameras over the past 15 years , and the g5 and everything related to it has been a huge disappointment . ( i would have bought the digital rebel when it first came out so i could use my eos lenses , but it did n't allow flash exposure compensation ( insane for a $1000 camera body ) . ) i do not recommend this lens or any of the g-series digital cameras from canon . when i 've got the money i 'll be buying the latest digital rebel and upgrading some of my old eos lenses , and selling my entire powershot kit . if you are an experienced photographer , you will not like this system at all
10580: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it seems as if every time i want to use the camera , the battery is dead . i find that if i charge it and try to use it the next day , i should expect very much . i 'm going to purchase a new battery and see how that goes , but i should n't have to do so
10581: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the converter since i wanted to use it for landscape photography . i took some test shots and discovered that the converter has an unacceptable amount of barrel distorion . if you are thinking about buying this product just be aware that you will have to correct your images through software after you take them
10582: real: neg ; predicted: pos
bought these for my nikon d200 about 3 months ago . never having used tiffen before i took a chance on a recommendation . vignetting can be an issue for polarizing filters and the vignetting on this one is the worse i 've seen . build quality of all the filters is really not very good . going to go back to hoya 's which are much better
10585: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i used paint shop pro to help build my website . i really like it and i 'm glad i bought it . my favorite part about it is the animation software . you can do great animation or cool banners or even little buttons with cool effects . because of psp 9 my website now has animation , buttons and a banner with bright colors and images ! i love it ! and anyone can use it ! i had no experience with psp or computer art and graphics , but this is pretty simple to use . also you can use psp for touching up and doing other neat things with your photographs . this is great software for doing all this stuff and it 's so much cheaper than photoshop . if you 're building a website and want to add color and graphics or if you want do to some photo touch up work , then maybe you want to check out paint shop pro
10586: real: pos ; predicted: neg
learn to play chess with fritz and chesster 2 , continues where the first cd left off . like the first cd , this program may take some guessing regarding what exactly is one supposed to do , and clicking on the crown in the upper right corner helps to navigate through the game . this program is really good for grasping the basic tactics and strategies because your progress is measured and you have to develop certain skill proficiency before moving to higher level and learning more tactics and strategies . the cd covers some popular opening moves , middle game tactics like pins , forks , skewers and deflection , and mating strategies in end game . with practice on this cd , you can begin to win some games , and then move on to learn to play chess with fritz and chesster 3 , which is out in german , and is supposed to be out soon in english
10594: real: neg ; predicted: pos
beautiful voice , but so much anger in the lyrics ruins the cd . i was offended just reading every name on this cd...it is really a shame , what pretty " vulgar " voice . if this cd sells millions will you be proud of the message of hate you just pushed into millions of ears . you should be ashamed of yourself as an artist , as you have such power , but it is spent on prepetuating hate . nina simone was a angry artist also , but not once did she offend me ( caucasian male ) with her lyrics and all of her hate for racism in america . the first song i ever heard of hers " mississippi goddam " made me cry , so emotionally charged and commanding of a voice . there will always be a " racist america " because people are selfish , but be responsible as a descent human being and as an artist . i liked the cd until i heard the lyrics , one less sale adds up after awhile
10596: real: neg ; predicted: pos
before i review , i 'd like to clear something up : i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie . i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim , ghost in the shell : standalone complex . i absolutely love that show , and so i figured eventually i 'd have to get around to seeing the movie , which i knew full well shares no connection with the show . they 're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name , ( which i have not read , so i do n't know which is more accurate ) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way . there are many things i do n't like about this movie , the biggest being poor pacing . the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler , but that 's the biggest problem . there 's not really enough story to last a full-length feature , because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short . and since they did n't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes ( there are barely any , and they are n't very impressive for the most part ) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you wo n't understand more than 60% of , and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we 're looking at either nothing , or a woman 's nipples . that 's not cinematic artistry , that 's being either lazy or perverted . the animation itself is n't even that good , especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago . it 's choppy , and there 's not really a whole lot of detail ( except when it comes to women 's nipples ) . looking at just the animation , if i did n't know better , i 'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's . the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell . it 's probably kind of like how i did n't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i 'd been spoiled by batman the animated series , and could n't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman . everything about the tv series is superior to this movie : the animation , the stories , the character developement , the production values.. . i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is . in short , if you 're you 're at all interested in the gits franchise , do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead . you 'll find a lot to love , but i ca n't say the same about the movie . my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
10597: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a fascinating read and my favorite of all bacon 's writings
10598: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was completely fooled . twice . my fiancee had told me she was getting me socks and underwear for christmas . so as i slowly open the box , i see a pair of socks on top . there was more underneath , so i start opening it further and there is a camera case , a memory card and then finally at the bottom of the box , the hp photosmart m525 digital camera ! i was overjoyed at finally getting a digital camera of my own . no more borrowing from my sister when i needed to snap a few pictures . i put the memory card and batteries in and began taking some pictures . to put it bluntly , ugh ! ! ! the first thing that i noticed is that , even in best picture mode , the pictures were a little blurry / grainy even in the best of lighting conditions . the second thing that i noticed is that the pictures are distorted . there 's a slight fisheye effect ( imagine looking through a peep-hole on a door . ) which is quite annoying . i talked to hp support ( someone who spoke very poor english i might add . what is the deal with that ? ) and after about 45 minutes of discussion it was determined that the easiest thing for me to do was to go back to the store and exchange it for the same model . guess what ? same problem ! so after talking to hp once again , i am returning this one and getting a different brand . this is a horrible product . my sisters kodak that i bought 3 years ago is a far superior product . i am very disappointed . hp needs to put out a better product , and have some customer support reps that speak better english . it gets frustrating repeating yourself over and over again to be understood
10600: real: pos ; predicted: neg
ms office student and teacher edition 2003 is a versatile tool you can use for different purposes : office documents and presentations , school work and projects , correspondences , scrapbooks , pictures , etc. truly a great addition to your computer software
10601: real: pos ; predicted: neg
let 's learn kanji is systematic , it gives you a wealth of basic kanji knowledge ( including stroke order and radicals ) as well as providing space to practice and regular worksheets / mini tests so you can monitor your progress ! often kanji books offer only examples and written explanations , or focus soley on repeated written practice . the addition of the mini tests for consolidating your learning makes this book a must have . i studied some kanji previously but found my self directed study slow . while i agree with the other reviewer that the pace seem stedious at first , i after a month i can claim some serious progress ! my only concern with this text is that from time to time the mini tests do not have an answer key . all in all an excellent book for self study by motivated beginners
10604: real: neg ; predicted: pos
in wandering around the web , i find i am not the only person to experience crash after crash upon importing ( from photoshop elements 5 ) . when importing , lightroom " thinks " for a long time ( that 's fine , and they do warn you it can be slow ) , but then the program crashes before it gets even close to finishing the import . about the rest of the program ? i do n't know . too frustrated just trying to get it up and running .
10605: real: pos ; predicted: neg
order received in good time - no problems . battery lifetimes are short - not as good as first original from dealer , but twice as good as poorer choice batteries from other suppliers
10606: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i made my order 5 / 26 / 06 and received my order 7 / 22 / 0
10612: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great little dryer if you travel , or just for home use.well worth the price . cookiema
10617: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the worst waste of money i have ever had . the only good thing about this mirror is the suction cups . 3x magnification ? ? ? more like 9x ! ! ! you have to have your face right on the mirror or it looks like you are standing by one of those funny distorted amusment park mirrors . my suggestion would be not to waste your money on it . its a joke
10618: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book was an amazing account of the spanish in north america . many of the themes that occur during this time period occur in almost every time period and place . dealing with religious intolerence , slavery , econmoy , unification , and the influence of all people on one another this book captures everything . themes this book expresses about this time period are even more evident in today 's information age as more people from different backgrounds and heritages come together on the internet . this was a good book to read , and made it easy to see the flaws and benefits of the past showing what not to , and what to , repeat
10622: real: neg ; predicted: pos
yep , this cd sucks . that depeche mode guy is really random , what makes you think anyone who is looking at the punk-o-rama review would be interested in depeche mode ? rem sucks too , michael stipe is the most self absorbed old bald guy ever .
10623: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've seen this item for no less than $7.00 elsewhere , so i got a good deal .
10625: real: neg ; predicted: pos
overall , i have always enjoyed robin william and billy crystal 's performance in many other movies , but i must admit to my surprise that it was n't making me laughing on the floor as i usually do . the script was boring and the plot was downright disppointing . did n't like the ending . it was like a stupid wild goose chase for both of them and end up accepting that the mother of the son lied to them . which is really a bad example for younger audience to see this and thinking it 's normal for mothers to lie . i hope someday to see both robin and billy to act together in another movie in the near future and hopefully better script than this one
10630: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there are two thing that i do n't like about this set . the curlers get too hot to handle and the lid is n't attached to the base which is very inconvenient . i would n't recommend them
10631: real: pos ; predicted: neg
having had perfectly clear skin through my teens , 20s , and most of my 30s , i now have post-pregnancy adult-onset cystic acne that began at age 36. my skin is far too delicate and sensitive to tolerate most otc acne products . i bought this product out of desperation , not believing it would work . after reading hundreds of reviews and advice and testing it for 2 weeks , i have found that it works well , with some modifications . my experience : cystic acne goes through its normal cycle ( rising to surface , becoming a hideous scab , etc. ) in a fraction of the normal time ( 4 days versus 4 weeks ) when treated as directed with zeno , or it disappears completely without ever having risen to the surface ( after a week or so ) , when treated very aggressively with zeno . my advice : do n't expect it to work after 1-3 treatments and in 24 hours as advertised . do know that with diligence and patience , it will work . be very aggressive . do double-cycles ( allow the zeno to remain on your skin after it beeps , then press the button for a second cycle ) every few hours as long as the bump is detectable in any way . you may get very slight burning of your skin ( causing a whitish film or slight peeling ) and you may go through your cartridge tips quickly , but believe me , it 's worth it to avoid the horrible months-long process of cystic acne . i am using this in conjunction with a very thorough natural skincare regime and improved nutrition , and seeing the results i have hoped for after 2 weeks
10634: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you lose this cord just get a flash card reader . it 's cheaper and more practical
10638: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm not a tech guy . but from a simple user 's standpoint , there is no reason whatsoever to change unless you just have to have a small change in appearance . about 1 / 2 the software you might have purchased that worked with xp wo n't work with vista . i was thinking that vista would be an improvement . but there is nothing there . just some minor superficial changes as far as i can tell . maybe for it people , there might be some big difference , but for your average user , there is no improvement at all . save your money . do n't buy it .
10640: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought a 3 user zone alarm suite for far less than zone alarm offered for a single user upgrade . it pays to shop around , and amazon is often where it all winds up
10642: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this was a hugely disappointing film . i did not see it on stage nor do i want to if it is ever resurrected . it trivializes illness , death , god , heaven , range of human emotion and love in all forms . i have grown up in a post-aids world and can see so many problems far worse than aids.i am tired of listening to actors drone on in selfish pursuits . while america focuses on such banal subject matter , larger more urgent problems are clearly ignored by a society that thinks it has the luxury of still trying to come to grips with sexuality
10643: real: pos ; predicted: neg
right , so , you 're reading this either because you are a big oasis fan and realize that this album is wonderful , or because you 've heard some oasis songs on the ever-disappointingly-dull radio and it 's sparked yer interest . " the masterplan " is a compilation of oasis b-sides that have been released over the years . what has always made oasis the best band in the world is the fact that the songs that they include on their " albums proper " are not necessarily their best songs . as such , songs like " acquiesce " , " talk tonight " and " stay young " are vacant on their albums , yet they represent the best of this lovely band and are included here in stunning fashion . so in summary , i absolutely do not recommend you buy this album until you at least own and fall in love with " definitely maybe " and " morning glory " . to those who own and love this album , it is a part of rock history and is not to be overlooked .
10645: real: pos ; predicted: neg
another solid 70 's band that faded into obscurity . the nice thing about living in canada was that we got to see all of the minor as well as the major acts . edward bear fell between the two . the original members got together in the late sixties and took their name from a more famous bear named winnie . all of their hits are here as well as a cover of " freedom for the stallion " , a song that was also covered by " the hues corporation " and popularized by " three dog night " . its mostly the type of music that most will remember a favourite love by from " the last song " to " close your eyes " ( i 'm back again ) . a good middle of the road pop album to melt back the years
10646: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a good padded case for your camera . but the back pocket shown in the picture with a phone stick out , was not deep enough for my phone with antenna attached . it measure 4 " x 3.5 " . but other than that i enjoy using this bag
10647: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this scale as an upgrade from a wal mart cheapo scale . hated it ! ! i should have read the dimensions more carefully , but it was so large that it became the focal point of our bathroom . worse still , it never displayed the same weight twice in a row even when second weight was taken immediately after the first . had to reset it to zero and then the same drill happened again . returned the item , but ate the $11 return ship fee - it 's huge and heavy
10649: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the bad news first : does n't seem to work well without adding extra detergent it seems like this is not 3x concentration , and like others we found we had to compensate by adding more detergent than the directions said to get the same results as we did with the standard formula . otherwise , the two products , ' concentrated ' and ' standard srength ' are the same . make no mistake about it - this is concentrated & comes out like heinz ketchup : it does seem to be concentrated , and we did notice a certain amount of difficulty getting the detergent out of the bottle , kind of reminded us of heinz ketchup . 4-star or 5-star product ? the standard strength product is clearly a 5-star product , however owing to the fact that this product does not work as well without adding more detergent than the direction claim , it rates 4-stars with our family . trying to learn objective info on laundry detergent is well . . . . the following is true of this product in standard strength or 3x with extra detergent added : i am allergic to most laundry detergents , but this product has prevented severe discomfort for me for about 10 years . it is consistently among the lowest-priced detergents available . in addition to being very easy on clothes and skin , it does work quite well in the stain-removal department and can be used as its own presoak . this is good to know if you are like me and are trying to avoid allergens . it is important to remember that if you buy a hypoallergenic powder detergent instead of a liquid like this , you may have to pre-soak stains and you wo n't have a hypoallergenic liquid with which to do it . while " tide " and " cheer " are also available in hypoallergenic formulas , [ " tide free " is actually just unscented] they are considerably more expensive and work no better in my experience . that 's why i like this " all liquid detergent - free clear , laundry detergent " . objective information is tough to find ! i actually did conduct a hard target search for true , objective information on laundry detergents . there is very little beyond which brand causes pollution which , while important , is not what i was trying to find . " consumer reports " does have test comparisons of the most popular brands in its monthly magazine every couple of years and they do include some detail . about " all 's website " if you are looking for this product 's website it is under " unilever " and you will have to specify " usa " under products , as the word " all " will show up in almost every search result . you will find " wisk " and " breyer 's ice cream " and almost as many neat name brand products as you would at procter and gamble 's site . [i am not affiliated with any product or company]
10654: real: pos ; predicted: neg
to be or not to be is a comedy set during wwii . although it makes light of a tense time in history , it manages to maintain an air of respect and mischief to keep the viewer at ease . the story revolves around two actors in poland , maria and joseph tura . joseph ( jack benny ) specializes in overplaying hamlet and maria ( carole lombard ) specializes in seducing younger men in her dressing room as her husband begins his " to be or not to be " speech . the man she seduces is a soldier who draws her into a dangerous spy situation . although she is working for the allies , a nazi leader attempts to make her a spy for his cause . madcap comedy ensues as the actors attempt to get them out of the mess . the film is very funny thanks to the brilliant dialogue and acting . it is a real shame that carole lombard died after this film was made in a plane crash ; she proves to be a very beautiful and talented comedienne .
10658: real: neg ; predicted: pos
hugh farnham is a blue-collar survivalist who likes to play bridge . his college-age daughter karen , her friend barbara , his lawyer son duke , his alcoholic wife grace , and house servant joe are playing cards at his house the night the bombs hit . everyone scrambles to safety inside hugh 's modern bomb shelter . as the bombs fall and his wife is passed out , hugh starts up an affair with his daughter 's friend barbara , right in the shelter . as if hugh 's shallowness and arrogance was n't enough to turn you against the protagonist , this nauseating little scene will . when the shakes and quakes finally end , the family pours from the shelter to find themselves in an impossible , pristine , clean world . at first glance , it looks like utopia , but then as they settle into a rustic lifestyle they are suddenly set upon by an advanced race , imprisoned , and brought into a vastly different culture as slaves . somehow , hugh needs to find a way to break free of the civilization they are trapped in , so that he can be free with barbara . of all the apocalypse fiction , this book is the worst . the protagonist is so lowbrow , so arrogant , so unlikable , so self-centered , so shallow , so immoral that he simply cannot capture any interest . he 's not even a " love to hate " person . the dialogue is flatly emotionless and yet irritatingly flippant , and barbara and hugh 's constant prattlings of " darling , dear , and beloved " do not fit the characters . neither does hugh 's occasional spouting of words like " shall " and " sha n't " along with racial diatribes that include heavy use of the " n " word . there is little emotion from these one-dimensional characters even though they face the death of hugh 's daughter and barbara 's friend karen , cannibalism , castration ( hugh cared more about his " boys " than he did his real children ) , pedophilia , racism , and $exual slavery , they show no more feeling than they would biting into a doughnut . the entire plot-over-plot had a contrived and vapid feeling to it , as if the author himself did n't quite believe his story . and if he does n't believe , how can he expect the reader to ? overall , there is no depth or flavor in this story at all , other than the ugly aftertaste of a musty trailer park visit in the dusty twilight , as old men drink cheap stinking whiskey and the wind blows over the city dump next door . i recommend avoiding this book .
10661: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this stuff does not work at all ! i tried this because it was the only one of the lens repair solutions that did n't have negative feedback , save yourself money and do not buy this product . it looks just like nail polish and leaves the same kind of film on your lense
10664: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a great new interface including control layout , easier than ever to use , and complete . there is no other product in this class . it looks great in xp and even sharper in vista . subject to some agreement with adbobe , you 'll have to download the free pdf writer from microsoft ( the beta came with it ) , but it works exactly the same and otherwise no suprises . the product is pricey and you may want to purchase a smaller release ( less applications in the suite ) depending on your needs
10665: real: pos ; predicted: neg
we really liked the cd of music from the sound track of the movie , elf. it was what we expected and we appreciated getting it promptly since it is christmas music and we we able to enjoy it all through the holiday season .
10670: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i deal in major brand cameras and panasonic cameras are my personal favorite ! i 've seen people whine about the " noise " they make many times but have never found it to be a problem . i own the fz10 and the fx01 for my personal cameras . the fx01 is a very fast camera and takes great pics ! i love the 28mm wide lens . compared to most cameras i 've used the fx01 does a real good job of metering the light and exposing the images . i love panasonic 's solid build and reliability . they may not be as popular as canon or sony but in my opinion are every bit as good .
10676: real: pos ; predicted: neg
some of the other reviews have said that the film is not editted properly and ' too slow' . i 'm not a film-maker and cannot comment on that other than to say that they are wrong . the film is amazing . i 'm not sure if there is any other movie or documentary that shows what a serialkiller-cum-dictator-cum-statesman is like . nowadays people might not know who idi amin is , or what he did , so its important to read up a little so you can truely appreciate this movie . he plays accordian ? you see him meeting with his ' advisors ' ( some of whom disappear so after . ) you see him play acting like a grown-up boy with toy soldiers . you see his self-appointed royal pedigree and send his support for nixon ! its fascinating and amazing . this is man that , self-proclaimed , actually ate some of his rivals ( not the whole body i hope ) . he killed many people directly and by his policies . his ego is outstanding and its an amazing movie . apparently , there is a new movies coming out about idi amin starring forrest whitaker . he 's a good actor and so i look forward to seeing it . but this is the real guy . its amazing and a feat probably never to happen again
10677: real: pos ; predicted: neg
...and i knew it would n't be the last . very very fun . do n't think nancy drew is just for girls , guys can play and love the game as well . i am living proof of that . the game itself really is n't that hard , it is just some of the puzzles can be very tricky ( i do n't like puzzles ) and that is the only ' beef ' i have with the game , and most mystery games . now , back to the game itself. . intriguing storyline , suspicous characters and they all got something to hide . search for clues while interrogating suspects. . explore the resort , run errands , break into locked rooms without getting caught , disable alarms , and snoop. . and that is just the tip of the iceburg . if you like mystery games , nancy drew is for you ! her games are n't overly hard , and they are very fun . even if you are n't a mystery fan , try it ! you 'll love it . try them all ! you will become a nancy drew fan , trust me. . i did
10678: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" animal farm " is a personal favorite of mine . and i dont understand why this song does't get more recognition - in my opinion , the most underrated song ever written ( yes i know , its a bold statement ) . theres something about davies ' voice in " animal farm " that makes this song unforgettable - particularly in this part : ' while i lay my head upon my pillow little girl , come play beneath my window though she 's far from home she is free from harm and she need not fear she is by my side and the sky is wide so let the sun shine bright ' the build up to davies screaming " she is by my side " is really breathtaking . the title track and " starstruck " are just as excellent . this album is a real treat and should be in everybody 's collection
10683: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i needed this for my new macbook laptop that will give me apple and windows on the same machine . the laptop works fine , the pocketbook is thinner . you do what you have to do
10687: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do n't buy this product . i went through two units with the same problem . the trimmer is made of cheap plastic with plastic tabs to snap onto to the blade . within less than one week the tabs broke and the trimmer would no longer stay attached . further the base / stand is just a lightweight piece of junk that does not properly hold the handle and accessories - very poorly designed , wahl should be embararssed . it did a nice job of trimming my beard but the attachments are so awkward to install and remove , the base practically useless and the trimmer tabs break so easily that i would have given it no stars if possible . the fact that i returned one unit only to get a second that broke within a week makes me wonder what good the two year warranty is worth
10688: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great collection to get if you would like to read the comic 's from the past at a great price .
10692: real: pos ; predicted: neg
though i usually go in for tough police thrillers , i sometimes mix things up by reading a light , funny mystery or - like this book - a quiet , thoughtful mystery set in a small town ( a " cozy " , i believe this type of mystery novel is called ) . " still life " nicely combines the easygoing attributes of a " cozy " mystery - quirky , eccentric characters , a small-town setting , pretty much no violence - with a little modernity , in the form of occasional well-placed profanity ( though not much ) and modern demographics ( a gay couple is included among the main characters ) . the main detective character , intelligent and interesting , owes a little to christie 's hercule poirot , but not everything . the mystery itself is pretty interesting , too , though some aspects of its solution are a little broad and clunky , as are some of the explanations of why ultimately cleared characters were acting suspicious for a time . any shortcomings are quibbles , however , and should n't deter one from trying out this nicely done mystery story set in a quiet little corner of quebec
10693: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if your an endurance runner this is a great book for you . it has given me a lot of ideas of different races to run and has been a great motivator for me
10695: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have been a long-time radiohead fan and , like many others , have been waiting patiently for a live dvd . so i was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist . it never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old ! i could n't help being disappointed when i watched this dvd . the constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch . in fact , i only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust . i know i would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime . i 've always that radiohead was modern , progressive , and totally innovative . i appreciate their old music but they have come a long way since pablo honey.. . and it does n't help that before every song , thom mutters " this is a new one . "
10699: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the bath seat was easy to put together and satisfactory to use . but some of the metal hardware that was provided for use in assembling the seat was not rust-proof , and rusted after several weeks of use . it makes no sense to make a product used under water that contains metal parts that are not rust-proof .
10701: real: pos ; predicted: neg
you definetly should read this book ! do n't believe what the 1 star writers are saying . they do n't want you to know the truth ! the left claims that bin laden would never side with saddam because of their beliefs , yet the left is adamant that osama bin laden was funded by the united states . go figure ! we all knew there was a connection and stephen hayes demonstrates so with great care ! there is a connection with al qaeda and iraq and the book explains it in detail
10703: real: pos ; predicted: neg
well , here we are . one of the true works of the electronic genre in the 90 's , " lifeforms " is true sonic adventure . this is obviously some of the best work that fsol ever did . " lifeforms " is a double album of electronic and ambient moments spliced together , interchanged and meshed . for ambient work , it has a lot of randomness and bright detail thrown in at a rapid pace . there is a lot of energy and terse grab to the songs , despite their being ambient . it is very original , i praise originality in music . give it a try , put on some " flower " " bird wings " or some " elaborate burn .
10704: real: neg ; predicted: pos
carlos mencia is one edgy comedian ; i know this because he wo n't stop telling everyone about it . i 've never been a huge fan of carlos and after listening to this cd my opinion of him has n't really changed . he claims to be an edgy comedian and that 's his problem , if he was truly edgy he would n't have to constantly remind us in his cd / dvd titles , his show on comedy central , radio / tv interviews and most importantly during his own act . sure he talks about very racial and socially taboo subjects but so does chris rock , george lopez , david cross , george carlin , dave chappelle , richard pryor ( rip ) and countless other comedians and they are much better at it . in fact they are so good at it mr. mencia often feels to need to use some of these comedian 's jokes in his own act , a true sign of respect for those who came before them ; at least that 's what carlos seems to think or maybe he 's just plagiarizing because he 's not funny enough to come up with descent material . needless to say i was not laughing while listening to this cd and it was n't because i find carlos to mean spirited , or crass , or politically incorrect ; it 's because everything he talks about that 's supposed to be so gosh darn edgy has already been said by other people who are much more funny then he is . there is so much good stand up comedy out there people do n't waste your time and money on this joke stealing , self aggrandizing hack .
10705: real: neg ; predicted: pos
worked well five times . then it slowed down and made cutting more difficult despite removing head and running water through it to clean , as per instructions . then it would run before cutting , but upon trying to edge trim my moustache , it would stop immediately , as if a single hair could jam it . removing head , as required for cleaning , showed that bottom part with its drive motor worked fine , with a rotating metal stub that fit loosely into a poorly made plastic part that moved the blade . it appears that this plastic part 's stability , shape and alignment changed after a few uses allowing hairs to jam its movement . a poor design that should n't have used plastic . do not bu
10706: real: pos ; predicted: neg
upgrading to the tz3 from a 4yr old canon 3.2 megapixel . waited a few months to purchase when i heard the tz1 was being updated . with the tz3 , panasonic has fixed the main complaints about the tz1 which were : no build in lens cover , noisy images at higher iso speeds . imo , the build in lens cover alone is wirth the price permium over the tz1. as others have said , this camera has a great build quality , easy operation , and a high-quality look . i ordered the black model and was pleasantly surprised when i opened the box . it has the look of a retro 35mm cartridge camera , which is cool . the chrome ( or polished stainless steel , cant tell ) , is first rate and looks great with the matte black case . the lcd is huge and bright . the camera 's " simple mode " does a great job the the other modes are fully customizable . the zoom is fantastic , but you need a really steady hand at full zoom , even with optical stabilization turned on . i did take some surprisingly sharp shots zoomed way in from my car as i came across a herd of deer . shot to shot speed is really great , unless you are using the flash . the red-eye reduction works better than any other digital camera i have used . overall , i am extremely pleased . if you are looking for a great zoom camera in a small form factor , you should seriously consider the dmc-tz3
10709: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was very happy with the previous model dsc-n1 , which took very nice pictures just with pointing and shooting . but this one , while i only had chance to use it indoors and outdoor in raining weather , it really disappointed me . the pictures are always blured due to too much exposure , i used auto flash , for which the camera should takes nice pictures as it is a point and shoot camera and it is 10.1mp ! i 'm going to try more when the weather gets better but most possible i will return it , i just ca n't accept the quality of the indoor pictures it takes . i doubt i was unlucky and got a bad one , i ca n't believe a 10.1mp sony camera takes so poor pictures . and after reading the previous review about the terrible sony custmer servce , i decide i will avoid sony customer service , and the camera will just be returned . note : found the review by cecelia choy " cece " on march 13 , 2007 mentioned the same problem i had . i did n't have this problem with my previous model dsc-n1. april 17 , 2006 : i bought a new one and it takes nice pictures now ! suggestion for those having the same problem i had before - - exchange for another one ! !
10710: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is an adorable movie . it 's low-budget and the acting is not spectacular , but nevertheless , it 's a cute story with sexy characters and an impressive , unique plot . conrad is a successful , attractive man recently heart-broken . venturing into the unknown , he hires a sex worker for the night . as it turns out , his hired man , ian , is quite the catch - - a young , charming , sexy australian trying to save money to stay in the country . soon enough , ian is in conrad 's life every day , though not as you may think . as ian moves into conrad 's social life , everyone 's issues come to the surface . love stories unfold and redevelop , problems at home collide with life at work , the truth behind ian 's need to do sex work comes out , and everyone is in for a wake-up call about life and what they need . basically , it 's genuine , it 's cute and charming , and it deals with real-life problems , most of which just happen to be gay , a definite plus in my book . so give its budget a break and sit back and enjoy a film well-worth seeing .
10711: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the hair dryer is very heavy . also , while i like the yellow design of the dryer itself , the yellow cable makes this look rather like a home improvement tool
10712: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the pins for the curlers are awkward and hard to use . i do n't like them
10713: real: pos ; predicted: neg
their 4th album as a complete group ( not counting the few album havoc & prode'je put out ) is my least favorite of the 4 scc albums i have ( i do n't have the one from 1992 or 2005 ) , but it still gets itself a 4 star rating . out of the 13 songs on here none are vclassics or worth skipping ; 4 are ok and the other 9 are good . like all their albums , guests are minimal and are on are on 2 of the 13 songs . production is mostly handled by prode'je ( as with all their albums ) he does get a little help from robert " fonksta " bacon & tomie mundie . a good album to have for scc fans but not their best work . #1 - 8 #2 - 8 #3 - 7.5 #4 - 7.5 #5 - 7 #6 - 8 #7 - 8.5 ( f / c-bo , spice 1 , prophet - -- - also on their " gangsta conversation " album ) #8 - 9 ( f / daz dillinger - - - good beat ) #9 - 8 #10 - 9 ( good beat , deeper song - - my favorite on here ) #11 - 8 #12 - 8 ( another deeper song ) #13 - 7.5 scc is - - - havikk , prode'je , havoc , l.v. , dj gripp , dj kaos check all my review
10716: real: pos ; predicted: neg
fluke 's latest album had been long in coming , and plagued with issues ( word on the grapevine is one of the trend-setting trio left some point during production ) . still , years after their masterpiece risotto , fluke has returned intact and delivered another album , the oddly titled puppy . puppy is for the most part a dark album . it 's clearly the evolution of the track absurd ( off risotto ) and its particular taste of big beat techno , with numerous tracks featuring similarly styled lyrics and vocals . the sound has been expanded with touches of industrial guitars and beats that would sound right at home in prodigy 's fat of the land or at a nine inch nails concert . the opening snapshot shows this most evidently . the album takes up a rave feel with the tracks another kind of blues ( a remix of the stellar number zion featured in the matrix reloaded and its soundtrack ) and hang tough , which flow into each other and result in a mesh of old-school rave beats with new-school industrial grooves . ykk is a wicked track that would easily be at home in a big-budget spy or action flick , while expo is a sweeping and epic song . blue sky is as close to an uplifting number you 'll find on the cd , with a full choir used in the song 's chorus . compared to risotto , puppy inevitably comes up short . like bt 's emotional technology , puppy has the misfortune of being the follow-up album to a complete and utter masterpiece ( puppy to risotto , emotional technology to movement in still life ) . and let 's face it : it 's hard to surpass yourself when release an album that 's nigh-perfect . still , i was n't sure what to expect with puppy and i found myself pleasantly surprised . it 's darker and meaner , but it 's an overall rock-solid album , and fans of the grittier side of fluke ( absurd , atom bomb ) will likely be pleased with puppy
10717: real: pos ; predicted: neg
all i have to say is great album
10719: real: neg ; predicted: pos
never recueved the product . waiting for refund for over 6 weeks
10720: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what else can be said about this great cd ? it 's one of the best pop records ever made and you never get sick of hearing these 10 songs . " child of vision " is the best ( the piano solo is killer ) of the best , but this is one of those rare cd 's that you just pop in and let the entire thing play till the end ( no skipping over songs you do n't like ) . a true classic
10721: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it would be impossible for me to write you a review . i never received the subject cd . you sent me some piece of crap dics which i sent back . i have not received the gene watson cd i ordered and paid for . if i do n't get it soon , you will never hear from me again . edward n clark - herrin , i
10723: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the population of hong kong is approximately 7 million people . i 'd say that about half of them get shot in this movie . usually when a movie runs over 2 hours , it 's because there 's a lot of plot that the director wanted to squeeze in . in the case of hard boiled , the running time of 126 minutes was clearly necessitated by john woo 's desire to get into the guinness book of records for " most people killed by gunfire in a single motion picture . " chow yun-fat is a charismatic actor who can bring a wonderful balletic grace to gunplay , and this movie gives him plenty of opportunity to show his stuff . he shoots ( usually with a pistol in each hand ) while diving headlong over furniture , while swinging from a rope , while sliding down a banister ( ! ) , while being hurled through the air by explosions . sometimes he even shoots while standing still . and he shoots , and shoots , and shoots . and the bad guys shoot , and shoot , and shoot . and yun-fat 's fellow cops shoot , and shoot , and - - you get the idea . there are some fine action scenes in this film , but my eyes were glazing over long before it ended . there was n't enough to distinguish one scene of a bunch of people being machine-gunned from the next , and it became painfully repetitious . personally i would highly recommend the replacement killers over hard boiled . there 's plenty of yun-fat 's balletic shoot-em-up action , but not so much that you find yourself in the odd position of being lulled to sleep by gunfire
10724: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there 's a ton of paper in this book , overboard , in my opinion . wading through the pages in search of a hike is downright laborious . i 've taken quite a few of the sierra hikes and the information has n't been detailed enough to really give me a feel for what to expect on the trail . they miscalculated the mileage and sometimes the elevation . i think it would be a better book if they chopped out half of the listings and concentrated on the truly best hikes in california
10728: real: pos ; predicted: neg
wow ! i had forgotten how powerful a story was told with a wonderful , haunting score to match . i 'm glad our pleas have been heard ! with new high definition equipment coming down in price , i ca n't think of a better movie to view for all with discriminating tastes and those will discover the finer aspects of the cinema . update : is this the region 2 & 4 version that was released overseas ? if so we are in for a real treat !
10729: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was my first digital camera , and after reading everything i could get my hands on to read about digital cameras i chose this one . it so happens that the last 35mm camera i owned for years was also an olympus
10731: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i know , i know - i never thought it possible either , that gwen stefani could produce something more awful than anything her ( ex ? ) band no doubt and reduced to house-husband gavin rosdale 's band bush ever could combined . take no doubt 's attempts at reggae , their use of guitars and trumpets ( together ? never good ) , take. . well , every bush song ever recorded and " hollaback girl " is still a hundred times worse . let 's talk about why . first of all , that fake music thing i hate . if you 've read any of my previous reviews ( and if not , why not ? ) you 'll know that if someone is singing something , even if they 've written it or not , you 've got to believe it . i mean , aretha franklin did n't write " respect " ( otis redding did ) , but when she sings it - you believe it . not so with this , a laughable attempt at a football-chant soundalike . here , gwen tells us that " uh-huh , this my s**t " and " this s**t is bananas " . and then helpfully spells out bananas , all under a " hey mickey " type repetitive drumbeat . gwen attempts to sound a number of things. . a ) 17 b ) black c ) " street " d ) like she had any idea what the hell a " hollaback girl " actually was until someone told her a week before the song was written . she fails on all accounts . what she does come across as being is everything that , well , she is . a white , 35 year old rich married woman bringing in expensive young talent to help her sell albums . it 's not only an unconvinving song , but a crass , ugly , tedious noise . but it has the word " s**t " repeated loads and loads of times , so of course it sold by the bucketload . sigh and double sigh . i shudder to think what she 'll come up with next to top it . gwen gangsta rap ? the_curmudgeon_hates_you@yahoo.co.u
10732: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i really like this series of books that range from this " storage " one to " bathrooms , " " family houses , " etc.. . but i am giving this book a 4 because it shows alot of houses that seem to be beyond the means of most people that i know around my area . this book also likes to tell you to build storage in every little crack / space that does not currently have something useful going for it . i am giving it 4 stars , because it does inform you of all of the different types of devices that are currently ( as of the book being published ) available to help you make storage possible in nooks and crannies . it also gives you ideas and suggestions about how you can make more use out of the storage that you already have , by redesigning the shelving to make it more attractive also . try not to read it all at once though , because i started to gloss over stuff just to get to the end of the book . take it a step at a time and it will be a great start for you
10733: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this album is hard ! e-40 always come sic wit it . if you do n't got it , ya betta git it . it reminds me of his ( my fav . ) & quot ; i a major way&quot ; album . sluppin ' from intro till outro . he is the bay area 's finnest . please belave it
10734: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ordered zonealarm internet security suite 2006 after a pc magazine review , i have a 3 month old hp media center pc . th software totaly locked up my machine on install twice . each ocasion requireing me to reboot in safe mode and to use the restore function to even use my computer . i lost 6 - 8 hours of work befoe i decided to return it . i did receive my refund 8 to 10 weeks after returning the product . i am now using norton internet security with no problems . i transfered it from an older abandoned pc . i mave been a pc user since 82 and am fairly knowledge about hardware and software . this is one of the few programs i could not instal . i have used the free zone alarm firewall without problems . ew
10737: real: neg ; predicted: pos
look , the fact is feminism is about choice no more , no less . i have the highest respect for stay at home moms- -it is the hardest darn job on earth . but this woman is way off base to say that feminism sold us a lie . feminism gave us a choice . it told us we did not have to pretend to believe we were june cleaver if that was not what was in our hearts and souls . personally , i could not have children and only feminists have not made me feel like an alien species . i work with troubled teens , my skills do not go to waste , i spoil my nieces and nephews- -i am fulfilled and happy . my sister is a stay at home mom with three beautiful boys , she is fulfilled and happy , feminism gave us those choices , ladies . we were not " sold " anything , we were given much by the women who burned their bras before us . if you feel belittled by staying home with your children and doing the world 's most important job , i think that is your issue and not now's . stop blaming feminism for your insecurities , if you are feminist- -stop blaming your mother for your insecurities- -you have choices because of feminism not despite it !
10742: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love the new digital canon . the only problem is it 's not nearly as tough as it 's film twin . i had the camera less than a month when the pop-up flash quit working . the canon people have been great , and very helpful , but i 'd rather not have had to send a brand new camera back to the factory . the photos , however , are wonderful . film quality for the most part - printable and enlargable . ( it would probably be better to use the camera with a tripod when using the 300mm telephoto but i hike with it , so just remember to steady it before taking wildlife photos .
10746: real: neg ; predicted: pos
not exactly the " vaults " blowing open , as stated in the promo . these are mostly leftovers and one-offs from the late 1990s , when the group was on hiatus from serious recording . that 's why the set is overloaded with forgettable jingles from television shows , literary journals and graphic design firms . whats good is the material that was recorded for albums and subsequently rejected , such as " reprehensible " , " rest awhile " and " certain people i could name " . but there are too few of these real songs , and they 'd have fit a lot better on that long-awaited b-sides collection from their major label career
10747: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i like the 4 brush holder and the power and brushing action of this model . the kids find the 30 second interval timer especially helpful to keep moving around the mouth . it 's a bit louder than the older model , probably because it 's got an additional motion , and the blue charging light is bright enough for a night light . overall , just what we wanted
10749: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've worked with pinnacle studio versions 8.0 , 9.0 , 9.4. , 10.0 , and this one . and they 've all had two things in common : 1. when the program works , it 's superb . 2. the other 50% of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard . for years , pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing / authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . studio plus v10.5 is no exception . lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . at last , others have emulated the pinnacle platform while eliminating the work / creativity-killing bugs . my advice ? shop around . google the competition . but save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything pinnacle
10751: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book is hot ! ! . i anxiously awaited the next " grayson " novel , after reading of course , all , the " falcon " and " grayson " families ' stories . i honestly thought nothing could top luke grayson 's romance with catherine . however , ms. ray 's story about brandon and faith was just that ! ! i hope the next book in the grayson saga is out very soon , because again , i can hardly wait ! ! and if you have not read all of francis ray 's novels ( not just her stories about the graysons and falcons ) , get to reading.. . you will not be disappointed .
10753: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this for my wife so she could pull out the camera , turn it on , and take a nice photo . flash works well , unlike some reviews i 've read . battery life appears to be fine also . this is a small , light camera , measuring 3 1 / 2 " wide , 2 1 / 4 " tall , and 3 / 4 " deep when turned off . not exactly a credit card , but likely as close to one as you 're gonna get . camera opens up instantly , takes a nice photo whether with or without flash , battery life appears ok , and controls are easy to use- -either in figuring them out or using your fingers on them . nice big screen 2 1 / 4 by 1 1 / 2 , so you can easily see what 's going on- -a nice plus . this camera also has a nice " reminder " listing on the right of the display , so you can see flash setting ( on , off , etc. ) , iso setting for those of you that use that , and very nice way to access the other controls shown for the auto focus , self-timer , antishake , iso sensitivity , white background ( am i losing you yet ? ) , and so on . one point to remember is that this listing is arranged from most-likely-to-use to least-likely , so the user interface has been a strong consideration in the design of this camera . i 've gotten some nice pictures with this , with and without flash . a nice pick . why not 5 stars ? cuz i 've also bought a more expensive digital camera that gives me more choices , although for the price this camera is fine and it 'd be one i 'd buy again , but it is n't the equal of dig cams with 6x optical zooms , separate iso settings , and all those other techie things that , frankly , are n't that important to a lot of users but which do need to be considered in a rating . do buy a carrying case , as i have done , so the camera does n't get scratched or lost cuz it'z so small . i do n't have any " special fear " about this but it 's also easy to buy a small carrying case to stash this into , so why not do it ? as in all my reviews , i have no financial interest one way or the other in what i review . also , do n't forget you are likely to want a bigger memory card to store pix , and maybe a second battery to swap out when needed . consider these additional costs , but also consider these additional costs apply to any camera you buy .
10754: real: neg ; predicted: pos
myths are important , but they should not be labeled history . 1. george washington was not a great guerilla leader ; he commanded conventional forces who fought in lines- -just like the redcoats . washington thought militia and irregulars were undisciplined and unable to face regular troops . 2. ronald reagan did not begin the nuclear " disarming " of the soviet union . eisenhower and kennedy tried , but ( lbj ? ) nixon and carter were able to bring the abm treaty , the salt treaties and he start treaties to a point where both sides began cutting back their nuclear arsenals . reagan did have success with theater wrapons in europe , but the " big nukes " that could end civilization were already being cut back . this is an interesting book about reagan and peggy noonan , but some of the history cited is wrong
10755: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this reveals a great deal about vietnam and the 1960's . should be prized by students of kennedy , johnson , and our military history in the nuclear age
10756: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i absolutely love this little book light . it is so slim and easy to store , plus i can use it for my magazines and paperbacks . i highly recommend this item . a++
10757: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was the commander of my highschools afjrotc rocket club so my godfather bought em this book it is very informative but if you are just building basic este kits then this is way to advanced for you as it was for me and the other cadets in the club but if you are really into rockets this book is for yo
10759: real: neg ; predicted: pos
please be aware of this camera 's shock sensitivity i was pretty happy with this all-in-one compact camera until it had to be repaired for the second time . it 's sensitivity to vibration or a slight bump while the lens is out is way too sensitive for the real world . the result is it loses it 's ability to focus and zoom . it did n't help that it commonly powered on while in a pocket , with the lens protruding , thereby causing unintentional harm to the lens assembly . the first time it happened casio repaired it under warranty . the second time it was outside of warranty and the repair center wanted $137 to repair it - that 's more than 1 / 3 the original purchase price . i wo n't reinvest in a weak product . i 'd rather put that money into a new camera altogether
10761: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i loved this show and have been waiting for it to come out on something so i could watch the episodes again...i ca n't wait for season two to come out . if you were a fan of this show , you have to get it. .
10766: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this cd is absolutely wonderful . i am in australia so strawberry shortcake merchandise is not as readily available down here as it is in the usa , so you can imagine my daughters delight when this cd is being played . the songs are just gorgeous - i just wish they were a little longer . i thoroughly recommend this item to any little ss fans .
10767: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the dictators are incredible . few bands can alternativly spoof and embrace the rock ' n ' roll ideals as these guys have , and their spinal-tap-meets-ramones-mees-beach-boys style almost always works - almost . " manifest destiny " is a dissapointing release from the ' tators . i mean its not a bad album , but the guys can do much better than this . there are a few good songs . " disease " is hilarious , particulary the spoken word act from handsome dick at the begining . " science gone too far " is one of the band 's catchiest tunes , proving they were as good as any of the big names from the 60s . their closing cover of the stooges ' " search & destroy " is an okay interperatation of the classic . however , that 's about it . the rest are mostly humorless fm-style rockers , and while the dictators were n't selling out , they were certainly trying to become more accesible . download those three tunes , and pick up every other album by the band
10769: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i installed norton antivirus 2007 immediately after installing windows vista , office 2007 and other software on a new computer . installation ran smoothly . liveupdate ran automatically and updated the product without a hitch . norton antivirus 2007 not only detects viruses , it detects spyware and rootkits as well . it has an inbound firewall , and apparently some limited outbound firewall capabilities . it does not protect against phishing , identity theft , or spam , nor does it contain full outbound firewall protection . when installed on windows vista , norton antivirus takes over for windows defender and the windows firewall . i did not expect the latter ; symantec should have made it more clear that this product includes a software firewall . norton antivirus integrates well with windows security center . norton antivirus 2007 is noticeably quicker both in normal operation and during full scans than previous versions . norton antivirus has always performed well in industry comparisons against other antivirus products . the only other product that i would use myself is mcafee virusscan , but i have always felt that norton antivirus does a more aggressive job of protecting my system . for those of you installing norton antivirus 2007 as an upgrade , i would highly recommend that you first remove any existing norton security products using add / remove programs in the control panel . then , download and run the norton removal tool from the symantec site to make sure that it 's all gone . to see a comparison chart of the norton 2007 windows protection products as of this posting date , browse to symantec 's site , click on " norton 2007 products " under home products , click on related link " view all products " and then click " compare " next to pc security .
10770: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging " palm kernel oil " as an ingredient . do n't buy anything with palm kernel oil , cocoa butter , and anything hydrogenated ! ! no matter how many " organic " things are added to it . for many years now , it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease . the world health organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases .
10771: real: pos ; predicted: neg
an outstanding compilation of a wide variety of popular and regional styles from across mexico . this set examines both traditional and contemporary music , including a brilliant ska-banda mix by the popular & quot ; rock en espanol&quot ; band , cafe tacuba . rancheras , corridos , boleros , indie rock and various stylistic fusions are represented , and even a few sones from veracruz - - one of my favorite musical genres ! if you are curious about the rich musical heritage of this large but often slighted nation , then check this collection out.. . it might open more than a few new musical doors
10772: real: pos ; predicted: neg
ms. phillips certainly knows how to tug at those heart strings ! i felt as though i were right there with mac and sammy jo , feeling the emotions they felt . this is a great story that proves that true love can happen when it 's least expected and that true love always prevails . i recommend this book to any romance lover
10773: real: pos ; predicted: neg
very happy with the lens , and the price is definately right for an amateur like myself
10776: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera is the best point and shoot cameras for the money . just think of what you are getting . not just a 7.2mp camera , but a lica lens and technology . not a bad deal . the images are not bad when printed . on a scale of 0-10 , 10 beining the best , i give this camera an 8. david the photog in chicago
10778: real: neg ; predicted: pos
oh man , this sucks really bad . good thing nu-metal is dead . thrash metal is real metal , this is for posers
10779: real: neg ; predicted: pos
casual book browsers who stumble across braden 's book , " the isaiah effect , " might undoubtedly be drawn to the implications of the title : that there exists some mystical , unifying code which is only now being fully understood through modern techniques , research , and understanding . i , as one such browser , had briefly read about the so-called " bible code " which computers have now enabled man to explore and thought that the subject of this book might be related . with my interest piqued at the title and the book description , i delved into the pages expecting to learn exactly what encompassed isaiah 's " precise instructions " of prayer . i wanted to know exactly what braden claimed to have stumbled upon . what i found in this 250 page foray into countless subjects was nothing other than a pastiche of new-thought concepts . the mixing of religions , for example - a sort of pick-and-choose spirituality which has slowly been creeping its way into the mainstream for decades - is recycled over and over again , drawing from endless sources of gnostic gospels and other lost books . in only one chapter does braden actually begin to describe in detail verses from the book of isaiah . instead he relegates the books of the essenes to positions of higher authority and prominence . in the brief pages in which braden actually does discuss isaiah , his conclusions speak nothing of a decoded lost science . his basic premise of " the effect " is that people can alter their futures by the choices they make in the present . such a revelation is not a new interpretation of isaiah at all . any student of the bible and christianity knows that all the prophetic books of the old testament are records of god warning israel , and the world , of turning away from him . to braden 's credit , his discussions of the effects of prayer in today 's society are commemorable , albeit somewhat misguided . i agree with him that people in today 's society need to turn away from the petty details of life with which they 've surrounded themselves . however , i believe braden over-emphasizes the role of feelings and emotion in prayer . he fails to discuss how humans , and their emotions , are extremly fallable and can change as quickly as the winds in his anecdotes . braden wants desperately to believe that the true power of prayer is to be found in all the lost science which he has uncovered in ancient texts . in the process he fails to recognize that the blueprint for prayer has been known to man ever since he was created . humbleness before god and the filling of the holy spirit are the true keys to prayer - not cosmic emotions and human feelings . a disappointing read
10784: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have no idea how this book has received the ratings it has so far . i am a lead software verification engineer and am a perl programmer ( for 10 years now ) and found this book a complete waste of time and money . it has zero new ideas . the book tells you how to write standard tests for perl ( this could have been accomplished in 2 pages ) . i love the format of the book . please look elswhere if you wanna learn about perl or testing or perl testing
10786: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have many robot books and this is the best and most informative book of all . it is easy to understand and read ; i personally could n't put it down . i wish it was twice as long while still marinating the high info density.. . most authors just babble and every few pages actually tell you something ; this is not the case with this book ! the programming of a robot is everything.. . and behavior based programming is the only way to go . this book provides a very good intro into that very subject . the only complaint i have is not about the book but his robot simulation program on is website which is referred to in the text . it seems to be rather slow and over taxing for the pc , but being a java app it 's not that surprising . highly recommended to anyone building robots
10787: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i thought that this would be an ideal product for my aging father as both his sight and his dexterity are somewhat impaired . my first thought was to contact the parent company , hy-tek manufacturing , to ask for a dealer referral and to get some answers to a few simple operations questions . after 3 days they did get back to me , recommending amazon as a purchase source but ignoring my request for operations information . i sent a second email but it was completely ignored . maybe this should have been a warning . i decided to go ahead and order one anyway . the purchasing process was quick and easy and delivery form amazon 's agent was about 5 days , more than acceptable . the unit comes well packaged with easy to follow instructions . actual programming is simple and very straight forward . the problems started after successfully programming my dad 's satellite receiver . the main menu could not be accessed , the information button was non-functional and two of the numeric keys did not work . i tried all of the codes listed for the manufacturer of that receiver , none of them made any difference . another email to hy-tek , and another 3 day wait , produced the response " it does n't work with all devices and i guess it just wo n't work with your receiver , you 'll have to send it back to the supplier . we will make note of this and maybe we can add this receiver in a future update . " no help at all and no concern or consideration expressed on the part of the manufacturer . if they had bothered to respond to my original inquiry in the first place , i would never have purchased this substandard piece of equipment and would n't have been out the freight charges . one of the questions that i asked originally was " will it access the main menu ? " , but they did n't have the common courtesy to respond . be aware that this remote will not work with all devices . even simple , necessary functions like menu and numbers may not be accessible . the manufacturer is slow to respond to customer inquiries and less than helpful if and when they do . would i recommend or purchase this item again , absolutely not
10788: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was disappointed in this video . i came to it not as a devout catholic but as a fan of travel videos . in other words , i watched this video with the same motivation i would have to watch shackleton 's antarctic exploration , or something from the globe trekker series . with that in mind , the target audience for this video is not me . it is the religious catholic . therefore , from my perspective , i ca n't recommend it . i 'm not one for all the pomp and circumstance of religion . i do n't enjoy worshipping the " holy father " , or watching the construction of the clownish uniform of the swiss guard . if you are a devout catholic you will probably enjoy this video . if you are not , and just came to the video because you wanted a globe trekker style tour of the vatican , you are likely to be disappointed . and that is what these reviews are for - to let you know whether you will enjoy the video or not
10789: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i basically love anything mr. carter does , but this one has alot of great lyrics ( as usual ) . i 'm so glad he 's coming out of retirement . any fan of jay-z will enjoy this cd
10791: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my wife and i both love this . in our opinion the thicker plastic tines offer a more comfortable and pleasurable " head trip " than the trippers one might find in the mall . the vibrations make it better than the non-vibrating head trippers but are not overwhelming . another benefit of this particular device is that it is able to be completely disassembled and packed to be taken with you on travelsor on vacations . it 's a pretty simple device , sold at a reasonable cost , and in my opinion is a better implementation than the metal ones
10792: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i read the review saying simple start did n't have enough features and would lead to upgrading to get a usable version . despite the warning , i thought i could get away with simple start because i was buying the program for bookkeeping at a tiny church and would be putting few demands on the program . even for my simple needs , it was a bust i had to upgrade to pro for an additional $100. if quicken is n't enough for your needs , get pro .
10793: real: pos ; predicted: neg
adobe standard 8.0 is worth the upgrade from earlier versions . if you do research and want a better interface , design and functions then you need this new version of adobe . it is an incredible tool for gathering , sorting , copying and formatting information . it also is faster than older versions . see details ( above ) on amazon . recommended for all information-knowledge workers
10794: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you burn lots of calories in your activities , this high energy food could give you a lift . there are 250 calories packed into this little 2.4 ounce bar , which is advertised to be at least 70% organic . this bar is advertised to be for athletes first , and as a casual snack second . if you are overweight and trying to drop pounds , you can skip this snack and move back to unbuttered popcorn . when i opened this bar i noticed that it looks like compressed goop . however , the compressed goop tastes pretty good . the texture is much like a granola bar , though more moist than a granola bar . the black cherry part of the black cherry almond is understated . there are dried cherries in this mix rather than artificial cherry flavor , which is a big plus . i was unable to find anything in this bar that implied it was artificial , which is an even bigger plus . one thing that confused me a little is that the bar is advertised to have no wheat and no dairy , but the label on the bar states that there may be trace amounts of dairy . i guess they either knew there might be a very small amount of dairy or they were hedging themselves because of possible cross-contamination from some other process . in either case , vegens consider whether trace amounts of dairy makes this an acceptable product . the label also states that there may be traces of peanuts . this bar also contains 20% of the daily recommended dietary fiber , which means drinking lots of water is a good idea when eating this bar . there are also lots of vitamins and trace elements , which may be a good thing unless you take vitamin supplements , in which case you may need to consider whether you are getting too much of a good thing . clif bars could be a casual snack , but the ingredients and their marketing really suggest that they are geared toward individuals that are looking for a healthy energy boost in high energy activities . if you fall into that category , which could include hiking , climbing , bicycling , running , jogging , and other similarly strenuous activities , then this bar could be a good way of packing a big punch in a small package . enjoy !
10796: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a chore this book was to read . if it were n't for my ocd about finishing books that i start , i would 've read the first couple of chapters and then given up . it seems like a wannabe-suspense , but it 's not . it seems like there might be a love story in it , but there 's not . it feels like there might be a creepy angle in it , but there is not . what i can gather about this book is that the author thinks she 's going to connect all these people with different circumstances and perspectives together by one tragedy . she tries to make a connection , but falls way short . read vinegar hill - that one was worth it . pass midnight champagne by
10798: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this to convert some .avi and .mov files so i could try video podcasting with a web multimedia class i teach . i 've done this successfully with a shareware product , but thought the resulting video could be a little sharper , so i was willing to pay for and try a commerical product . ( pinnacle , right ? they do a lot of this stuff , they must know what they 're doing . . . . ) ha ! ! ! ! huge mistake . the interface is horrible , and the conversion just-plain-sucks . everything came out in flouescent colors with huge blocks covering the screen . totally , completely unwatchable . it looks like a 60s psychedellic experience , like " motion art , " not like a proper video at all . avoid this product ! !
10800: real: neg ; predicted: pos
while there are some flashes of brilliance in this album , it is compromised by a lack of direction . the ' tastes so sweet ' mix of rapture is beautiful , although cut far too short . faithless , afrika bambaataa & amp ; soulsonic , and crystal method are all good driving tracks at the tail end of this album . the high point , without contest , is darude 's ripping mix of rising star 's ' touch me' . this is a cut to throw on for the peak.. . when you find the party is just outside of barstow with hunter . that said , then there are all the uninspired tracks in the center of the album . these are more appropriate in an adolescent brit girl 's drawer next to the spice girls . for some labels , this would be normal , for ministry however , it is a dissapointment
10802: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw this back in 1985 when if first came out . it was wonderful . at first , i thought it was going to be one of those historical / tourist shows . but it wasn't . it could have been , though . mr. wood is a very charismatic presenter . but is what 's better is that he took the story of the story of the trojan war from the pages of modern myth to reality . i have read homer and i knew about schlieman , but other than that , i was ignorant of the trojan war . mr. wood started with what a regular person knew about the war and then took it into deeper level . i was fascinated by the connection he made to the hittite empire . the thought had never occurred to me that if a troy did exist , it might have trade relations with empires to the east . he also included experts in the fields of archeology , modern history and history of the period . i thouroughly enjoyed the dvd and have seen it several times . i also have the alexander dvd and shakepeare . " in search of shakespeare " , was fun . wood took the story of shakespeare down to the center of his human story . i would recommend all the wood " in search of.. . " programs . if you ca n't find the films , then read the books . the books are just are entertaining .
10815: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i 1st watched requiem from the darkness i had high hopes for an anime show i heard that could actually by scary . to my dissappointment this show was not scary at all but a mockery of anything that is anime . this show has good animation is some spots with some deformed shapes of people . the strengths of the show however primarily rely on its soundtrack which is above average but nothing amazing . also the last straw with this show was the horrible depictions of people being graphically murdered . this show is disgusting because of these potrayals a brothers murdering each / husband killing wife after wife / a man who enjoys murder / and very very intense sexual situations of insects and once again family members murdering each other . i recommend this show to no one and i believe geneon has made a mistake licensing it . if you do n't heed my review then you have wasted your money on a dvd not worth a penny ( i would n't take it for free )
10819: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've been using norton antivirus 2002 with annual updates of patches forever with norton internet security 2003. now that it 's time to renewal norton antivirus , i thought i switch to trend micro internet secuirty 2005 after all the glowing wins it received from certain mainstream computer magazines . i like norton 2002 but it was a memory resident hog in the taskmanager considering i was running a p3 500 laptop with 196mb on winxp pro , resources are valuable . also newer norton antivirus version were a hit and miss . after also reading reviews at amazon , i took the plunge with trend micro . my review of this product can be best summarize along with it 's relations to norton antivirus 2002 ( updated ) . pros of trend micro 2005 : 1. fastest virus scan i 've seen . i have not find any virus in my system yet whereas norton would fail in about .01% of the time ( i.e. one stalling virus every year ) . 2. check incoming and outgoing mail like norton 3. scan selected files as i chose just like norton 4. alert and block virus threats 5. monitor nearby wifi connection 6. $25 mail in rebate making the price net at $15. ( it 's been 2 months since i 've mailed it and not received it yet ) . 7. uses about 10mb of system background resources versus norton 's 30mb . cons against trend micro 2005 : 1. very annoying auto-virus update every day that i log on the internet . i only have a 56k connection and updating takes 5 minutes . i 'm not trying to save the internet but everyday update may be a bit too much so i would prefer to have a preference setting that i can choose myself . norton is not as annoying . 2. on a wifi network , trend micro firewall failed 5 of the gibson research shields up test . ports were open . norton internet firewall close all major holes except for the non-critical ones which was n't a big worry . i ended up disabling trend micro firewall and using the norton firewall instead as it 's a full software and much better analysis and deeper protection . 3. anti-spam and data protection were subpar as i got advertisements and pop-up from certain websites like west cost major newspaper . using norton firewall stops them dead ; never seen them again . 4. still waiting for rebate . overall , i think using trendmicro internet security 2005 for it 's fast virus check and a separate norton internet firewall is the ideal combo for me . on it 's own merit , trend micro would be perfect only if ram and other resources are low as the case with my laptop but i would n't mind using norton if i had plentiful more ram .
10820: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this new version of illustrator is great , glad i upgraded ! the live trace feature is cool
10822: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this was a terrible purchase on my part . it does n't even deserve 1 star . i just wanted a small bag to wear over the shoulder for quick access to my z7590 without holding other equipment or being too bulky . the bag was too small for my z7590 , and i paid $8 shipping plus return shipping . i only hope they do n't charge me a re-stocking fee . i went to walmart , found a cute little bag in the electronics dept . that the camera fits great in , with room for the strap and extra memory cards or battery if necessary . they have cute ones for ladies too , with pink polka dots or stripes inside ! for only $12. next time , i 'll be smarter !
10823: real: neg ; predicted: pos
gotta love the flashback to the sixties that is reflected in every scene of this movie ( of course , it was just a product of its time- -the mid-60s- -it 's not a film trying to recapture the era..it is the era ) . still the storyline is slim and the going slow . interesting scenes appear here and there . the parts are definitely better than the whole . there 's an intriguing idea in here it just never gets developed as it should . actually , thinking about it in retrospect is more interesting than watching it was . it 's subtle , i 'll grant you that . and a nice character study....and yet... . ? we were counting the minutes left in the film by the end ( " only 25 minutes left in the film and then we can get back to our lives ! " ) so that 's not a good sign
10825: real: neg ; predicted: pos
je suis un peu du par cet album.. . c'est morne , le son est pas top.. . a trane dans les longueurs.. . bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre  l' poque aussi ! a  qd mme 13 ans
10826: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really wanted to give superman volume 3 a full 5 stars , but unfortunately the quality control of the dvd release is poor , hence the 1 star rating . the dvd set i purchased skipped at the green lantern episode . the replacement i got also skipped at the same place . in addition , the two-sided disc format with which all three dvd volumes have been released is a damage prone format . luckily i was able to get a full refund , but at this point i 'm not sure if or when i 'll try my chance at buying this set again . the lack of quality control is too bad , because volume 3 contains some of the best episodes of the whole series . if you are fortunate enough to get a dvd set free of defects , then you are really in for a treat . bruce timm and company bring the same high level of storytelling to superman as they did on batman : the animated series . of particular note is an ongoing subplot involving the villain darkseid throughout the series . it finally gets put front and center in several episodes of volume 3 , and leads straight to the very powerful and dramatic series finale . i felt that the finale could have been written out across three episodes instead of two due to the scale of the story , but nevertheless it is a great ending for a great series
10830: real: pos ; predicted: neg
when i was a senior in high school i decided to take correspondence courses instead of attending a regular school . this was the text used for my creative writing class . i absolutely loved it and have been trying to snag a copy of it ever since . this book is great at giving you ideas for how to make up your own work of fiction even if you never tried before . i would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in seeing where their imagination can take them
10833: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had another norelco shaver for the last 5 ( or more ) years . the difference in the shaves is striking . both less pain when my stubble is a little long and closer . however , the reason this shaver is cheaper is that there is 1 battery inside it instead of 2. i know this because i took it in to be " repaired " because i only got 8 shaves to a charge . i talked ( online ) with norelco and they said my shaver was broken . so , i looked up on the norelco site a local authorized repair shop . i took it in and the guy opened it up . he said it was one of the " cheap " versions that has 1 instead of 2 batteries . my old shaver , over most of its life , gave me 25 or so shaves before needing to be recharged . that 's quite a difference
10835: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the purpose of nessus is to provide an open source solution for network auditing on all unix like systems . this book not only details using nessus but also comes with a cd containing the program , as well as ethereal , snort , and newt ( a port of the program to the windows environment ) . what is a network assessment ? at its basic level it is an attempt to detect a live system and then identify the computing environment , services , applications , and vulnerabilities on that system . basically there are two types of assessment - internal and external . an internal assessment is done over the local network and external is done from outside the lan . nessus will do both types and the book details how to do either , or both of them . the authors do an excellent job of detailing installation , setup , and how to interpret the results of a scan as well as various factors that can affect the report . one of the parts not to be missed is the discussion of not only the benefits but also the potential problems of scanning your system . some of the vulnerability types scanned for include buffer overflows , default passwords , backdoors , information leaks , and denial of service . the nessus scripting language is covered in detail in appendix a instead of the main portion of the book ; a choice i appreciated very much as it allowed the flow of the book to not be interrupted by such a highly technical section . with open source products there generally is no organized technical support phone number you can call of help . so , the authors include information on how to get help via the nessus user community , mailing lists , and archives . nessus network auditing is a highly recommended book for anyone interested in auditing their network to find potential problems before they become reality
10838: real: neg ; predicted: pos
murky : in his book , 1984 , orwell described a contrived language he called " newspeak " , designed to render politically incorrect ideas inexpressible . but before orwell there were russell and whitehead , who contrived a symbolic logic that distorts ideas they deemed philosophically incorrect by combining logical quantification with expression of existence . as whitehead wrote in his " foreword " to quine 's ph.d . dissertation titled a system of logic : logic shapes metaphysical thought . thus in his " on universals " quine argued that in the russellian logic realism must be expressed by quantifying over predicates so they reference universals as " entities " . and he co-authored with goodman " steps toward a constructive nominalism " , a nominalist manifesto , in which all philosophers are classified as either nominalists or " platonists " depending on whether or not predicates are quantified so they reference entities . i believe that anyone who says that universals are " referenced " or who uses the phrase " abstract entities " fully deserves to be labeled a platonist . but loux uses the rhetoric from the russellian nominalist newspeak . in the " search inside this book " screens at this amazon web site the reader will find him reporting ( p . 20 ) that realists say universals are shared " entities " and are " referents " of predicates . i ask loux : what happened to signification ? the symbolic logician alonzo church recognized sense ( i.e. signification ) as well as denotation ( i.e. reference ) in the functional ( i.e. predicate ) calculus . i ask loux : what happened to supposition , which distinguishes reference from signification ? in his book titled meaning and necessity rudolf carnap explicitly affirms that intensions ( i.e. significations ) may be said to be objective without invoking any hypostatization ( i.e. reference ) , and are indifferent to either concrete or abstract objects . i ask loux : since the demise of logical positivism does the russellian predicate calculus have any applications in philosophy or anywhere else ? is loux trying to appear contemporary with the russellian rhetoric ? i see murky writing . muddled : loux is sympathetic to aristotle and unsympathetic to quine , the pragmatic realist , who rejects first philosophies with their prejudicial ontological criteria for scientific criticism , and who affirms ontological relativity in which ontological commitment is subordinated to empirical testing . ontological relativity started as an analogy : quine relativized ontology as einstein relativized time . einstein posited relativistic time as real time instead of newton 's absolute time , and he rejected lorentz 's making relativistic time apparent time . likewise heisenberg invoked this einstein precedent for his own realistic copenhagen interpretation of quantum theory 's positing of duality and indeterminacy . today physicists describe reality in terms of superposition , nonlocality and calabi-yau spaces in eleven dimensions . quine generalized beyond physics to our global web of beliefs . realism is a natural , primordial , irrepressible prejudice motivated by disappointments in our beliefs including falsifications of our scientific theories . on the other hand ontology is anything but natural or primordial . it is an elaborately complex linguistic artifact that evolves and that has a cultural history . it is reality as cognitively captured by the artifactual semantics of language expressing our accepted general beliefs including our tested and currently nonfalsified scientific theories . but in notre dame journal of formal logic and in this book loux rejects ontological relativity , and he calls philosophies using ontological relativity " anti-realism " . in fact ontological relativity and relativized semantics do not oppose realism , but rather they enable it in this age of scientific change . i do not find this book contemporary . loux 's " realism - anti-realism " locution is a false dichotomy . i see muddled thinking . marginalized : while a student i found notre dame 's philosophy faculty unsympathetic to contemporary pragmatism and its scientific realism . when i left their graduate school of philosophy i took with me the opinion that their academic culture is a marginalized backwater preferring to protect the past rather than forge the future with new thinking . i see in this book a textbook in notre dame metaphysics for notre dame philosophy students . readers who are cognizant of the influence of modern science on philosophy - notably how quantum theory occasioned the emergence and ascendancy of contemporary pragmatism - are likely to be more critical of this book than other reviewers at this amazon site . thomas j . hicke
10842: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this hair dryer did dry my hair quickly . but , it quit working after a month . i exchanged it for another just like it and the same thing happened a few weeks later . the buttons were also hard to switch . this was a waste of money . i ended up buying a completely different hair dryer
10844: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the black of this is the same as on my camera , and with all the parts together , this is one professional looking set up ! i am not sure if this hood cuts down on glare / reflection , as i have not used it on a sunny day , but i do n't see why it shouldn't . and as cheap as this little product is , it is pretty much a must have with this camera ! ( s3 is ) one last side note , should you alreay own a extra lens or two . and they happen to be metal , be very carful about screwing them into this plastic adaptor ! i made that mistake and had to put the whole thing in the fridge for an hour , so the metal would shrink , and i could get the pieces apart
10846: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i gave birth i had already bought packages of newborn huggies . they were horrible . i thought once my boys got older that maybe huggies would work then . nope . i 've tried huggies supreme and the cheap huggies . they are both made horribly and after your child goes in them once they sag so bad you have to go change them . i thought since everyone always talks about pull-ups that they would work once potty training time came around . wrong again . they leaked evertime he wore them . do not waste you money . i always ended up going back to the pampers swaddlers , cruisers , and training pants . pampers are the best .
10848: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after months of searching , i found the out of print cd here . i had never heard it , but after hearing the fabulous song & quot ; my only&quot ; from the & quot ; good as it gets&quot ; movie soundtrack , i had to hear the album . what a disappointment ! oh well , it would have been hard to make a cd as good as that song
10849: real: pos ; predicted: neg
go to nikon 's own website nikonusa.com and compare the technical specifications of this version and the ' g ' version of this lens . there are only three differences . one is that the ' g ' version has its aperture set only by the camera body , while the ' d ' version can have its aperture set either by the body or by a ring on the lens . all recent nikon bodies set the aperture . the ring on the lens is invariably locked on all recent camera bodies . the second difference is that one ( 1 ) of the 13 lens elements in the d version of the lens is made of extra low dispersion ( ed ) glass . if the dispersion difference is so important what is the deal with the other 12 elements ? sounds like marketing to me . the third difference is that the ' d ' version costs three times as much as the ' g ' version
10852: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ms howard is usually a dependable author but she really let her readers down with this one . it 's ok to expect a reader to suspend disbelief every now & again but one would have to have a frontal lobotomy to buy what she is selling in this one . so disappointing , especially after her wonderful & hilarious " to die for . " the trees ( for paper ) that gave up their lives for this book die for nothing this time .
10853: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i looked a many other back support pads . some were too big , and others were just complicated . the obus forme side to side is perfect . it is very light weight and small , therefore , very portable . i use it in the car and take it with me to the office . the strap on the back fits well around any chair back , although , i have found i do n't need to use it because it stays put
10854: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i had been hearing " always thinking of you . " but , i never got who it was . i purchased xm radio and on the smooth jazz channel , i heard the cut again and got the artist name . purchased the cd based on that one cut . every cut is great on this cd . i look forward to catching him live at some point and will continue to look for more from him in the future . he has his own style . but , not only do you hear hints of benson and brown..........i hear a little doc powell as well . i will be introducing friends to this great artist............keep it coming........... .
10855: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i got this telescope for my desk at work because i have a decent view . it stinks , i think i can see better with my naked eye . plus you can not focus it because the slider is so stiff . i guess i will be buying another telescope now
10856: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's " performance " is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and / or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $$$
10860: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i thought my jvc digital camera was handy , easy to use and worked pretty well for what it was.. . then one day at my daughter 's ballet show , i turned it on ( i made sure i charged it all night ) and it would n't record . it kept saying that the lens cap was on . i am so frustrated and sad . i spent a good chunk of money on this item and do n't know what happened.. . still do n't have a way of recording my daughter 's milestones... . do n't buy it , if you have other options .
10862: real: pos ; predicted: neg
considered one of coltrane 's ' searching ' periods , this cd has a lot to offer in the way of understanding trane 's restless nature . never one to stand on laurels , coltrane does indeed continue to set the bar ' higher ' every time out . this one is mostly ballad and blues based , with the exeption of 2 tracks in particular which stand out - on both ends of the trane spectrum . track #2 , " i love you " finds him playing furious , cerebral runs on the instrument , and , frankly , not as ' listenable ' as one may like ; whereas the track with donald byrd is as ' in the pocket ' as you 'll ever hear . all in all , a very realistic look at a genius in motion
10868: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do not buy ! ! ! great movie bad studio ! ! it has been announced that new line is replacing peter jackson as the director of the hobbit . the only way to stop this injustice is to hit them were it hurts the wallet . do not buy or see anything new line till the hobbit is returned to its rightful director ! ! !
10870: real: pos ; predicted: neg
received my pack of 4 in 2 days with the free ship option . shop-rite sells individual box for 8.99 , so even the regular price of $32 beat that . the $10 additional promotion was icing on the cake
10872: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this was our first bob dvd and maybe i just chose wrong . my son waited for the theme song the whole time and it never played . maybe that is the norm.. . this whole thing is kinda strange . my son likes it but does n't love it . i simply should have researched more
10874: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there are some good things about this film - - it gives audiences an idea of how insidious the nazi propaganda machine was , for one thing . it also shows the main character , antoine moreau , a ( fictional ) famous french mime , having his eyes opened to the reality of the nazis ' ' final solution ' to the ' jewish problem' . brought to a czech town that has been ' given to the jews ' by the nazis in order to stage a performance that will be seen by the swiss red cross delegation , hopefully persuading them that the germans are not as monstrous as they have been portrayed , moreau changes his original idea for the performance , hoping to get a ' silent ' message to the red cross that will let them know the true fate of jews ( and other ' undesirables ' ) at the hands of the nazis . i 'll briefly mention a couple of less-than-positive observations , and then get into my main problem with the film . the production values reminded me a bit of a made-for-tv movie - - and from time to time it seemed that the sound was a little out of sync with the picture . the image quality on the dvd could have been much better as well . also , the shanachie dvd release is version of the film that has been dubbed with english . this is , in the case of this film , not very well-done . the cabaret singer , for instance , comes across as completely unbelievable in that her voice does n't match her face or ethnicity in the least . everyone in the film winds up with an english accent , which detracts from any authenticity that might have been retained using subtitles instead of clumsy dubbing . another reviewer below brought up the dubbing problem as it apples to one of one of the children , stella ( portrayed by linda jablonska ) . her voice does not sound at all like that of a little girl . she develops a bit of a crush on antoine , which in itself seems like a pretty natural occurrence under the circumstances - - here is a famous artist who has come to the village to stage a show , with her as one of the leads , who is kind and supportive and friendly to her , who listens to her ideas and feelings with attention and respect . the problem i had was with one scene in particular . stella has been caught on the streets after curfew and chased by police . she bites one of them and manages to elude them by squeezing through a break in a fence . in the process of getting away , she gets muddy , scrapes herself bloody in a few places , and tears her clothing . she goes to moreau 's hotel and climbs to the ledge outside his room and taps on the window . when he opens it , he is shocked at her condition , lets her into the room , and begins to try to clean her cuts and scrapes , asking what had happened . he then draws a bath for her , so she can wash herself . as moreau sits down , still in a bit of a daze over what has happened to her , she steps into the bath . just before she pulls her dress over her head , she says to him , ` no looking . ' he shakes his head to bring himself out of his daze and says ` of course ' , then repairs to the adjoining bedroom , where he lies down on the bed to have a smoke , allowing her to conduct her bath in privacy . a moment later , he hears a noise and looks up to see stella emerge from the bathroom , completely naked , in a full-frontal nude shot . moreau gets up from the bed and lifts the covers , suggesting that she warm herself . she climbs into the bed ; he covers her up , and steps away to the other side of the room . there is nothing about the scene that implies that anything improper occurred . he has simply offered her care and comfort and sympathy . this shot only lasts a few seconds , but i feel that , regardless of the director 's reasoning for shooting it in the first place , it could have been left out . if the point was to show that moreau has either had morals all along , or that he has acquired them , it could have been demonstrated in a variety of other ways . earlier in the film , stella had witnessed one of her caregivers , semi-nude , in moreau 's hotel room ( stella saw this from outside ) . given her ` schoolgirl crush ' on moreau , it seemed natural for her to become upset over this . as a result , however , the scene after the bath comes across as a young girl inappropriately mimicking adult sexual behaviour . this , combined with the ` adult ' voice dubbed over stella 's , makes the scene even more disquieting . there are some viewers who might argue that , in europe , ` standards ' involving nudity and sexuality are not as reactionary as those in the us . in many instances , i would wholeheartedly agree with them . there is much hypocrisy in the dynamics of american culture and moral values , and not a little bit of neurosis . however , the sexual objectification of children is something about which i feel very strongly...and i think the scene in question in this film amounts to exactly that . do n't get me wrong - - i 'm not so prudish that i turn away from even full-frontal nudity in a film , if it 's not gratuitous and it 's an integral part of the storyline...but here , it involves a prepubescent girl , and could have easily been left out . it worries me bit that this point has not been made by other reviewers . have we become so numbed in respect to nudity in films that many ca n't recognize an instance where it 's not only unnecessary , but potentially harmful ? i 'm glad i 've seen the film - - and i 'd recommend it with a bit of praise and some strong reservations , as noted above . with all of the ridiculous claims from some quarters that the holocaust never happened , i think it 's vitally important for films on the subject to be made and seen . the czech film all my loved ones is an excellent film about this horrible time that has not gotten the attention it deserves - - seek it out . n.b. - - this is the second time i have posted this exact review . i noticed today ( 6 april 2006 ) that it has , for some reason , been removed from the site . i 've re-read what i 've written , and i do n't see anything objectionable or offensive . the issues i have with the film are discussed straightforwardly . if anyone objects to anything i 've written here , i 'd like to know what it is .
10877: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ordered this cd based on the reviews . first , i have to say that i am not sure why it is called ' paris under a groove' . i was thinking that it would be in french , at least . the beats are nice , i would not in any way compare it to buddha bar. . i just was n't as thrilled as i thought that i would be . it sounded very cheap . no originality . my fiancee is from paris , and this was very disappointing - not only to him - but i was embarrassed as offering it as a present....so far , it sits on the shelf. .
10878: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i owned the vhs version of ' 'the wild , wild world' ' but decided to get the dvd this winter . well..that was a great purchase ! i understand people that could see the documentary of jayne in europe , as pretty cheaply made , but it is still jayne , and if you love her ( as i do ) , any film she was in ( except the girl ca n't help it , and will success spoil rock hunter ) was done on the cheap , with ridiculously small budgets . ' the wild , wild world ' gives you the chance to see a candid jayne in all kinds of very campy situations , and the best scenes are when jayne pretends to be offended by the goings-on.. . it shows a jayne mansfield who was indeed a true-original , rather eccentric person in the anal-retentive american fifties.i ca n't help comparing her to what anna nicole smith has done with her ' career ' as a media sensation , but jayne was doing basically the same fifty years ago , which was understandbly much more shocking for the common-folks . when jayne talks about her film roles , you wonder if she is laughing with you or at herself . i do n't understand how she can be compared to marilyn monroe.mm was looking for privacy , more serious roles , spoke to journalists only if she absolutely had to , when jayne was waking up her daughter in the middle of the night to prepare drinks for journalists who needed something to write about.jayne was not too picky about her roles , and the kind of attention she was getting , and it was her undoing.sad , but she needed the money to keep up that image , all those children , dogs , and...husbands . now , about ' 'the labyrinth of sex'' : it is hysterical ! ! and a great choice to make the dvd a double-feature , just like the good-old days of the drive-ins ! when you get over the awful dubbing , the documentary is rather well made , naive to today 's standards of course , but well-intentionned.some viewers will just see crass-exploitation , but if you are into campy , kitsch movies , and you see ed wood jr. as a genius...well you will love it ! .the movie trailers are very funny as well , and make you wish you could find them . so my conclusion is that dvd is an excellent purchase , a must-have for any serious jayne mansfield fan ! !
10883: real: neg ; predicted: pos
many people criticized this movie for having no plot . which is a result of many people criticizing the first for being too complex . there 's just no pleasing some people but this movie could have made up for it by having some class or a formidable villain . dougray scott is pretty much one of the worst villains ever and a poor representation of scottish actors . john woo uses some wonderful australian scenery but fails to inject any sense of excitement to the fight scenes . the gun battles look too damn staged and the fist fights are all done in slow-motion , which robs them of any realism or hardcore . seeing as how this is a pg-13 the action is also pretty damn tame . which is a shame since woo is a pro at this . you hardly see any bullets even enter bad guys never mind exit . it 's all done off screen . if people wanted tame violence why on earth did they hire woo to direct ? it 's a bit puzzling . although it is tame it is still darker and harder than the original . but the duff biochemical warfare plot is pure video game crap . i ca n't believe robert towne had a hand in writing this . it 's like a rejected plot to a solid snake ps1 game . there 's seems to be some focus on making it a james bond / die hard wannabe instead of respecting the source material and offering us any iconic or memorable set-pieces . another major thing that is wrong with this movie however is zimmer 's score . for a movie that is 124 minutes long we get about 30 minutes of music . zimmer is known for his talent of creating ambient and versatile music . but none of that is present in mi-2. this was movie was made around the time of his decline into mass-produced soulless stuff . which is also a shame . it 's the wrong plot , the wrong director and the wrong approach that turns this into a movie for idiots . they really under-estimated the audience and fumbled the ball with this one . john woo 's original cut was 3.5 hours long . none of that footage is on this new ' special edition ' dvd . what a waste
10887: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i read bill bryson 's " a walk in the woods " and laughed hysterically at many parts of the book , and through the rest was either duly entertained or pleasantly educated ( for the " educated " aspect , bill interlaces the book with fascinating factual tangents ) . i started into " in a sunburned country " with similar expectations , and especially since i have always longed and planned to visit australia . to state that i was disappointed is a severe understatement . after reading this book i now have little to no desire to visit the " land down under ; " my only hope is that i will completely forget what i read in bryson 's book so that i may one day look forward to and enjoy visiting australia . ( senility be merciful and consume me hastily ! ) my best estimate is that bryson was commissioned to write a ~350 page book about australia . during and / or after his trip , his creative sense must have taken a vacation of its own . i have rarely struggled so much to get through a book as i did with this one . bryson even stooped so low as to use an urban legend as a " story " relayed second-hand from one of the australians he " met . " such a stunt makes me question if any of his accounts are real in any of his books . the only saving grace to this book was the educational tangents . these , at least , provided for some interesting reading . after comparing notes with another person who ventured to read another of bryson 's books ( " i 'm a stranger here myself " ) after she read " a walk in the woods , " it would appear that " in a sunburned country " is not the only snore-fest that bryson has churned out . perhaps he is n't a " one hit wonder , " but i for one am not going to waste my time or money finding out . so , if you are looking for the same caliber of writing that bryson provided in " a walk in the woods , " look to another author or prepare to be greatly disappointed .
10888: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i grew up watching sesame street and truly love the muppets . however , i have to say this video was not what i expected . there were some great vintage clips , but not enough muppets / monsters for me . this video seemed hastily thrown together with bad editing . i would recommend you pass on this one and get " 123 count with me " instead .
10893: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my boy ejd is back , and so am i ! keeping it real , i took an eric jerome dickey hiatus . for years he held a special spot on my shelf as my favorite author , hands down . then it happened...his books just were n't doing it for me anymore . call in change , call it growth , falling off , call it whatever , but i was n't feeling it . drive me crazy drove me crazy and i could n't finish it . unheard of for me . chasing destiny came , but i let her run right past me . however , the title of his new release piqued my interest , so i decided to give it a shot and i am glad i did . death is life . gideon is a freelance hit man . in the seedy underbelly of death for hire , gideon is know as a man of talent and business ; a profitable business . he has a goal that he is trying to reach and with this acceptance of his most recent job , he just may obtain it . this job could put him over the edge financially and literally . has the hunter become the hunted ? sleeping with strangers is a smartly written , great reading drama / thriller that showcases dickey 's talent . he blended success , style and heartlessness . then he added some ruthlessness , deceit and trickery . let 's not forget murder , mayhem and steamy sex scenes . my hiatus is officially over . i enjoyed sws . now i ` m at the door , looking out the peephole waiting on the sequel to arrive
10894: real: pos ; predicted: neg
ca n't really add much to the reviews . this is one of those albums that increases in listening value as it gets older . i 'll admit that when this came out in ' 94 , i only bumped the singles . it did n't grab me at the time . sometime around ' 97 i gave it a spin and i 've been loving it ever since . there are plenty of bangers on the album , but classics like " pour out a little liquor " , " str8 ballin ' " , " how long will they mourn me " , cradle to the grave " , and " under pressure " make this album worth owning all by themselves . the rest of the songs are on point too - - there is n't much filler on this album . the production is handled by warren g . & nate dogg ( 1 ) , the awesone yet underrated easy mo b ( 1 ) , johnny j ( 1 ) , jay & mopreme ( 1 ) , jay & syke ( 1 ) , stretch ( 1 ) , and thug music ( 4 ) . i 'd say that all contributing producers turned in dope tracks . the only tracks that i would call skip material are " sh** do n't stop " and " do n't get it twisted " . " sh** do n't stop " is probably the most lazily produced track on the whole album and the lyrics are unimpressive . the production is on " do n't get it twisted " cool , but it 's one of those songs that you have to be in the mood for it ( in my opinion ) . volume 1 is a passionate , if at times misdirected , release from the thug life camp . the production is nothing short of vintage mid 90 's cali vibes . it holds up very well 13 years after its release . of course , if you 're a tupac completist , you probably have this album already . but even if you 're not a pac fan , this should be a part of your collection . r.i.p. tupac standout tracks : how long will they mourn me feat . nate dogg , pour out a little liquor , str8 ballin ' ( my favorite ) , cradle to the grave , under pressure , bury me a g feat . natasha walker ( of y.n.v. )
10895: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the easy language 16 is only useful if you 're already familiar with the language you wish to learn . i 've been studying french for months before buying this product and found it to be helpful when i 'm getting rusty . the only problem is that it 's hard to make out what is being said because the sound is not clear . the recorded speakers also do n't bother to slow down to give you a chance to understand or repeat what is being said . this is good cause it 's like listening to an actual french speaker and not a robot , bad if you actually want to learn how to pronounce what is being said . it will also go over basic french grammar but is totally useless if you do n't already know basic french grammar . i also tried to use this to learn japanese . unlike french , i 'm not familiar with the japanese language at all so trying to use this product to learn it became a nightmare . if all you want to do is learn how to speak the language it does have a romanized version of the words and phrases to make it easier to sound them out . unfortunately the basic japanese grammar and japanese alphabet are all written in japanese . for instance , in the grammar section it has the past , present and future " i am " it 's written in english then beside it it 's written in japanese . you ca n't click them to have it sound out for you . in the japanese alphabet section all it has is the japanese alphabet and you can click them to sound them out but you really have no clue what you are sounding out . so it teaches you nothing about reading the language but the test they want you to take are purely in japanese . i do want to learn how to read , write and speak japanese so none of this would be a problem if it actually taught you how to read , write , and speak japanese ! so my guess would be that you really have to be familiar with japanese ( not the romanized ( romanjj ) version ) already in order to use this product . because of my experiences with this product i would say get it only if you know the languages you 're interested in and use it as a refresher and nothing more . since i am familiar with french this product was pretty helpful but if i used this as a starter for the language i probably would have quit . i 'm searching amazon for better japanese books . so if you want to actually learn a language look to the books with the language tapes and cd 's
10896: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great show and very entertaining . the story is n't the greek classic , but it 's a fine riff on it . the songs are good , and they grow on you as you watch . i take issue with the reviewer who thought there was gratuitous sexuality in the meg character - it 's just a cartoon , for pete 's sake . like some other reviewers , i was also annoyed with michael bolton singing " go the distance " over the end credits , but this dvd has a music video of the spanish language version , " no importa la distancia , " sung by ricky martin , and it is killer ! this one is well worth the money
10897: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really like the size and weight of the camera . it is very easy to use and the picture quality is pretty good . i had to return the cam because the motor noise is unacceptable . i recorded some scenes while skiing and the whiny noise is very noticeable , even outdoors . all the other reviewers claiming the cam records motor noise are dead on . i will spend a bit more money and get the sony hcr-dc96 instead
10898: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have to agree with all these reviews already posted . i was getting error messages for intuit stating that i would not be able to download stock quotes after a certain date , so i ordered a new copy of quicken for $50 thinking it would be an upgrade . to my amazement , it is exactly the same as quicken 04 , no real developments . i feel very cheated by intuit . if 04 was only going to be good for a couple of years , they should have disclosed the fact in the first place . if they are going to squeeze money out of loyal customers , i would at least expect and improved product . they are making a real mistake here , as their credibility is now zip . i have been buying turbotax every year , and have been a loyal quicken user for many years , but now i think i will look for something else .
10899: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you want to get into blind melon very quick , buy this....if you really like blind melon and wnat to hear something new...do n't buy this.. .
10906: real: neg ; predicted: pos
my rheumatologist recommended that i try a wax bath product for the osteoarthritis in my thumbs . the cartiledge in the left thumb is all but gone , with the right thumb being in better shape . the wax bath did not eliminate or ease the pain in either thumb , but did greatly improved the skin on both hands . i continue to use it just for the dry skin on my hands , and am pleased with the results . it 's possible that this product would have worked better for me if i 'd used it earlier , before my thumbs got so bad . i plan to use the wax bath for the pain from inflammation in my feet , due to rheumatoid arthritis . i did have to turn down the heat due to a lifelong and extreme sensitivity to heat in my hands , and this is probably why the wax doe n't stay warm for longer than 10 - 12 minutes , even when wrapped in the plastic bags and then in a towel . the initial loading of wax has lasted a long time , so i do n't recommend purchasing more than 2 or 3 pounds of wax at a time
10909: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book is unfortunately not up to par for kay hooper . her normal suspense is missing and you would have to be psychic to know who the murderer is ( there is n't a single clue at any point in time ) . the heroine keeps loosing her memory , so you do n't even have the usual good characterizations of hero & heroine ( since she ca n't even remember much about herself , much less him ) . if you like kay go ahead and read it , but i hope the next one is back up to her usual high standard
10919: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i will not lash out against anyone , and i will not use specific names of individuals or organizations that replace the search for truth with a situationist relativism based on vainglorious , ostentatious egotism . that said , let me merely point out that the absence of necessary historiographical context makes jesus of nathareth 's solutions extremely difficult to accept . first off , it does n't do us much good to become angry and wave our arms and shout about the evils of jesus 's morals in general terms . if we want other people to agree with us and join forces with us , then we must provide a trenchant analysis of jesus 's codices . the key point here is that jesus 's older analects were deluded enough . his latest ones are undoubtedly beyond the pale . jesus 's peuplade appears to be growing in number . i indisputably pray that this is analogous to the flare-up of a candle just before extinction yet i keep reminding myself that jesus has found a way to avoid compliance with government regulations , circumvent any further litigation , and violate his pledge not to condemn innocent people to death - - all by trumping up a phony emergency . his desire to control your bank account , your employment , your personal safety , and your mind is the chief sign that he 's a slaphappy caitiff . ( the second sign is that jesus feels obliged to force me to undergo " treatment " to cure my " problem " . ) perhaps i 'm reading too much into jesus 's ravings , but they do n't seem to serve any purpose other than to destroy the natural beauty of our parks and forests . jesus 's prcis are pyrrhonism cloaked in the rhetoric of truculent , noxious feudalism . that 's pretty transparent . what 's not so transparent is the answer to the following question : does jesus 's oversized ego demand that he condone illegal activities ? a clue might be that every time he tries , jesus gets increasingly successful in his attempts to have a serious destabilizing effect on our institutions . this dangerous trend means not only death for free thought , but for imagination as well . jesus 's eccentricity is surpassed only by his vanity . and his vanity is surpassed only by his empty theorizing . ( remember his theory that the cure for evil is more evil ? ) jesus of nathareth has an agenda - - a political , social , and cultural agenda . and that 's all i have to say .
10920: real: neg ; predicted: pos
probably would buy other camera if i could do over this one takes along time to gechage after flash . it is very touchy and you get alot of blurred pictures . you have to learn how to be very steady with it
10921: real: pos ; predicted: neg
" the passion of the christ - songs " is a fine collection of great songs , each in their own way a reaction to the spectacular film that mel gibson has created . the standouts are the song " i see love " by steven curtis chapman , third day an mercyme ; scott stapp 's powerful solo debut song " relearn love ; " " rainy day " by big dismal , and the emotional " new again " by brad paisley and sarah evans . despite a couple of songs that do n't reach their true potential ( " the passion , " and " how many lashes " ) , this is a fine cd that belongs in anyone 's and everyone 's christian music collection . grade : a -
10922: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have used corel draw since it was draw 5 or 6 , i ca n't exactly recall for certain so i guess some would consider me a software guru . i have also used other top level design tools and can tell you the fact is the corel draw suite x3 is a robust design suite that has a very palatable learning curve . the scope of what you can do with the software is amazing so certainly there is a new set of words to add to one 's vocabulary however with terms like pick tool , rectangle tool , ellipse tool , and the like , i believe that it is pretty logical to get an idea of what the tools do just by allowing the mouse pointer to rest over the tool for about three seconds so the application can display the tool name and even the shortcut key to select the tool . the icons also give a pretty clear visual representation of what the tool will do e.g. a capital a is the text tool and guess what you do with it ... it allows you to add paragraph text , and artistic text . after you learn a bit about the text tool you also see that it allows you to place text in your document on a path . the text on a path is just that.. . text on any path in your document . this can be a freehand line , an ellipse , a circle , or any other shape you care to make . how many of you have ever wanted to put your text in an arch ? in corel draw you simply make an ellipse with the ellipse tool , choose the text tool from the tool box , move the mouse pointer over to the ellipse and the mouse cursor changes to the text on a path icon and you click the left mouse button . now you type whatever you want around the shape that you have created . if the text is not the size , color , font , or position you want you can change it , color it , or move it simply by selecting the pick tool . i have developed a program to teach technology skills to middle & high school students with various disabilities in 46 sites throughout oklahoma and the corel draw suite is the first software application the students use . do the students know how to do everything with the software after the first week , or fourth , or tenth ? no , but if it took a week to learn it would not be a design tool in would be something like print shop pro where almost everything is done for you and you just type in the text . there is nothing wrong with psp but if you want to truly be creative , if you want to have the ability to design anything that you can see in your minds eye , then the corel draw suite is the tool you want . my program has a website that shows some of the work the students in the program have created . just do a search for tech-now oklahoma high school high tech and you should be able to find the site . the section on weekly curriculum is a pretty good place to start but i encourage you to look around . almost everything you will see on the site was created by the students using the corel draw suite . corel draw is a program that can be used in a matter of minutes but is as deep as you can possibly want to go .
10923: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have the white one ( black was unavailable at the time of purchase ) 1. the camera will not slide out even though the clasp is magnet . it is made snug enough that the felt holds it in the case even with a shake or jostle . 2. durable . no scrapes or scratches in 7 months . 3. have n't missed the belt clip option , its small enough to fit in my pocket 4. well constructed / durable . people think its some sort of ipod case / holder
10927: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as you can see by other reviews above , the studio series has a history of being buggy . you also hear a lot of people saying " this package is so much more intuitive and easy to use than the other ' powerful enough to be worth owning ' packages - - if only it were more stable ! " i am one of those long-suffering users ( 5 years , going back to version 9 ) , and finally with version 10.6 i have stopped complaining - - it now works as i 'd hoped when i bought it . the $300 i spent on other packages trying to do better was wasted - - i kept getting frustrated with interfaces that a 500-page manual could n't clarify . and i 'm a very sophisticated computer user by most measures . i am turning all of our old family video tapes and cd 's into dvd's . i use studio for all the editing ( have not tried the dvd recording - - just use roxio for that ) and am now very pleased . if you own 10.5 then version 10.6 is a free download . one important piece of advice that would have saved me lots of problems : put every " project " you work on in a separate subdirectory . if you have 5 soccer game videos make a / game1 , / game2 etc. series of subfolders . if you edit those to a " jimmy 's great plays " proect , put it in a separate / jimmyplays folder . when projects are in the same folder and you edit them a few times weird overwrite problems can happen in 10.5. i learned this trick before 10.6 came out , and i do n't know if it matters any more but i take no chances . why did i stick with something where i admit that version 9.0 was " powerful but unstable " and 10.0 was " more powerful and more unstable " ? because i can actually use studio with minimal reference to instructions , and when i use it things turn out as i expect . now that it has become stable and reliable i am a very satisfied customer . so that 's how i got from being a frustrated studio customer to giving it 4 stars on this review . i tell the whole story so you understand that the other reviews from frustrated people are relevant for the older versions , but that " 10.5 updated for free to 10.6 " really is the best choice out there now.. . as my unused expensive rivals to studio on my shelf prove . just keep putting every project inn its own folder !
10930: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i guess the reason i enjoyed the movie so much was because i went into the theatre expecting a good drama . and that 's exactly what i got . the story was very interesting to me . i enjoyed the relationships between the villagers , especially lucious and ivy . the scary moments just added to the drama . having grown up in the country , i know how scary the woods can be . i loved all the twists to the story . the only thing i did n't like was william hurt 's performance . it was too hammy . i think if this critical role had been cast by another actor , the movie would 've moved along at a better pace . but still a great movie
10931: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this dvd collection to use in a presentation i made for a graduate school class to complement a book review of murrow . this collection is facinating for people who love murrow and those who 've never seen his work . i will use this collection in future presentations that i 'll make to my students as a professor . every person in broadcasting should buy this collection and watch it to get a great look at the man who innovated our business
10933: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book is without a doubt one of the best in the series of chicken soups . i have purchased several of them and give them out for gifts in the hospital , get well , birthdays and etc. there is something for everyone in this book . what a great little gift
10937: real: pos ; predicted: neg
in 1995 the poverty level for a family of four in the united states was $19 , 806. 37 million people in the us live at or below this level . ron sider correctly asserts that it is morally unacceptable for 37 million people to live in poverty in this country while the wealthiest people are gaining a larger percentage of all wealth . in just generosity , sider presents his vision for overcoming poverty in america . and it is a compelling vision . sider 's vision is distinctive because he acknowledges that poverty is caused by both systemic injustice in society 's structures and by poor moral decisions by impoverished individuals . both must be addressed in order to stop cycles of poverty . drawing upon biblical study , sider presents the goal of an economy of justice : " every person or family has access to productive resources ( land , money , knowledge ) so they have the opportunity to earn a generous sufficiency of material necessities and be dignified participating members of their community " ( 81 ) . sider deals with a vast array of programs and issues like welfare , minimum wage , tax credits , health care , and education reform , showing how each could be employed in ways that encourage work , empower the poor , and strengthen families . sider ends with this troubling question : do enough christians really care ? this book should be required reading for any that do .
10942: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it is extremely easy to use . hard to figure out the menu , but once that is done there is no problem . takes beautiful pictures . great for action shots as well . seldom find a blurry photo as it has a stabelizer built in
10945: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i upgraded from version 5. i do n't use very many of the features . but the big difference i see is , files sizes seem to be greatly reduced . something i would scan and be 10mb , now might be 2mb . this is just opinion , nothing scientific . the interface takes some getting used to , a bit different . overall for the price ( $99 - less $20 rebate ) , a great deal
10946: real: pos ; predicted: neg
pink sugar is a wonderful scent . i have received many compliments on this fragrance . its not a strong scent nor is it perfumey . it is however a sweet scent . everyone i know that has this fragrance loves it . at this price $32.14 for 3.4 oz spray you cannot find it cheaper anywhere else and free shipping on top of that . i say buy it you cannot go wrong
10948: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am very disappointed in this cd . not because the music is n't good , because it is . but because it is just not the pat green that used to play in stillwater . the passionate , soulful pat green . back then he sang about things that he believed in and loved . now he is singing what nashville tells him to . and this coming from the guy who sang " nashville sucks " with cory morrow . there are a ton of country singers out there that could have released this cd and it would have sounded exactly the same . but songs like " southbound 35 " and " three day " can only be sang by pat green . he needs to revisit his roots and come back to the red dirt country music that he was born to play . will the real pat green please stand up
10950: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have created two living wills / power of attorney for medical with attachments thru this program and have found it quite satisfactory . it appears to be inclusive of the items i wanted to cover .
10952: real: neg ; predicted: pos
description or product is wrong . there is no quad independent power / charging indicators . they are set up in banks of two . one light for two charging bays . batteries must be charged in banks of two . tried e-mailing vidpro for additional info on this charger . e-mail came back as undeliverable . cannot find any reviews on the internet for this charger
10954: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have read other books by alesia holliday and enjoyed them so i looked forward to reading this book . unfortunately , i could not get any farther than the first 25 pages . i even tried diving in further into the book to see if it got better and i still could not read more than 5 pages without turning away . the best i can do to pin down why i dislike it so much is to say that it tries too hard . no character seems to even approach reality . they are all , including the main character and her love interest , over the top
10955: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this film does not come close to the quality of once upon a time in china . first of all , the plot is weak , it does not have the kind of power that the original of this series did . the characters in this film seem like they are out of a comic book , while the characters in the first film were interesting and complex . the kungfu is mostly unrealistic wirework , and while once upon a time in china had some of this , the emphasis was on realistic martial arts . in the original , the main characters were trying to resist the influence of the west which was destroying their culture , but in this version , the main characters are actually on the side of the westerners and they are fighting their own people ! there is no explanation of why wong fei hung and his crew would side with the people who were their enemies in the last film . one of the reasons the original film was so good , was because it was about brave chinese patriots trying to protect their culture , but in this film is seems as though they have switched sides
10961: real: pos ; predicted: neg
anyone who had access to a radio in the 80 's would know at least two songs by missing persons . their fun music and amazing flare ( dale did have pink and white stiped hair and it looked great ! ) make this a good party album . i also have their album color in your life and most of the songs are great . just as an added note , warren cuccarullo is now a member of duran duran ( my personal favorite band ) and has been since he appeared on their notorious album which was released in 1986 ! !
10965: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a good massager that can hone in on the pressure points . the knob is a little large for getting at specific reflex spots , but generally does the job
10966: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i originally had to read this book for a history of rock and roll class at the university of cincinatti . i found the subject interesting , and the professor gave wonderful lectures . i had good expectations about this book going in , but those quickly soured as i read it . it seems correct , at least , about the social problems of the different eras and their relation to rock . not that such is a particularly daunting feet . however , it is rife with laughable fallacies . for instance , it calls david bowie , amongst other glam rock bands of the era , metal . it futher goes on to call many pop bands of the 60s and 70s rock , when they have no guitar work and no bass line at all , such as the carpenters . i really had a good laugh when they called bad religion hardcore . bad religion is about as hardcore as elvis is rap . further massive genre confusion consisted throughout the entire book . i also noted several drastic misinterpretations of songs . for instance , it claims ' thunder rolls ' by garth brooks is about domestic violence . its about infedility , not focusing on violence at all , but rather the emotional ramificationsof being cheated on . the writing is also rather dry . many times it is merely a citing of the names of band members as well as constantly describing minor changes in bands lineups which are of no true consequence . it also tends to list off songs which have no impact on any giving band 's successes or failures . after reading the book in completetion , i really had to question the earlier passages about older rock and blues ( 50s to 60s ) that i had thought were true . in the end , i felt that it wasted my time and money and possibly misinformed me more than anything
10967: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really wanted to like this book and the beginning started out great . a shocking murder is committed in the town of newpointe , then another . meanwhile , fireman mark branning has moved out and is separated from his wife allie . there is a serial killer targeting the wives of firemen and allie and mark must fight through their struggles for the sake of their marriage . i wanted to like this book because it is a christian novel with a good purpose . ninety percent of the books i 've read have been secular but i 'm starting to read more christian novels . but to me , this book fails for three reasons : the marriage conflict between mark and allie is n't believable , the serial killer plot collapses under its own weight , and the spiritual message is confusing and disappointing . mark and allie 's marriage is suffering because she thinks he had an affair and he has n't convinced her otherwise . seeing your husband hugging another woman is not proof of adultery , but it is grounds for suspicion . yet , allie assumes mark is cheating on her because she witnessed him hugging another woman . it seems to me the truth would be discovered in the resulting fight . instead , mark and allie separate and allie sees no hope for her marriage because of that hug and what she assumes was an affair . blackstock does a poor job of framing the conflict between mark and allie . throughout the book , references are made to allie believing mark had an affair with issie . allie refers to mark 's act as " adultery " and recalls him " lying " his way out of it after allie caught him hugging issie . their marriage is struggling , but blackstock should have given more reasons why allie assumed adultery other than a hug because throughout the book , mark says he did n't have an affair and allie chalks it up to one of his lies . later in the novel , blackstock gives more reason for their conflict but by then its too late . the serial killer story is poorly done , and it also seems everybody knows everybody in this book . when they book a suspect at the end , it seems ridiculous . the police work feels like it was written by an amateur . one line in the novel , " as much as the evidence pointed to xxx , stan did n't want to believe it . " in my opinion , the evidence did n't point to that person and stan , the detective , seems foolish for believing it . there is n't any rhythm or flow to the police work or the serial killer in the story . there is no sense of setting in the book . there are too many characters that no each other yet little context in how they know each other . finally , this book talks about god and prayer and being " saved " throughout the book , and that 's great . with a serial killer on the loose , a lot of bad things are happening and the characters react to this in a bad way . at one point , a conversation goes like this : " how can the murder be part of god 's plan ? " " maybe it is n't " " that would mean god is n't in control . " " he is in control , but he allows some things to happen . " then at another point , mark says to allie , " i 'm going to be fine , it 's time to trust the lord . he 's taken care of us so far . " then allie says : " but i do n't know what his plan is . i do n't know how he wants this to end . i do n't know what he wants to teach us . " at other points in the book , characters say that god has a plan and maybe the serial killer is part of god 's plan and that through god 's plan , all things can be used for good . this line of logic is infuriating . bad things happen to everyone , including god 's people . god does n't " allow " a serial killer to shoot and burn your wife . that 's a horrible message to send to a non-christian who may have lost someone in a car wreck . telling them it was part of god 's plan is the quickest way to turn someone from god . god is obviously there for people when something bad happens to help them through it and to find the good in it and god can even keep bad things from happening to christians . but like above , where allie was afraid because she thought god might have chosen to have her killed to teach a lesson , god does n't willfully kill people . it comes down to the simple fact that all people , including serial killers and christians , have choices to make and have free will . i 'm surprised i wrote so much on an 8 year old book but i wanted it to be a good book .
10969: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap
10971: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a little disappointed in the upgrade to microsoft office as it is not user friendly nor is it as accommodating as the earlier version
10976: real: pos ; predicted: neg
lately there has been a lot of talk about how great ronald reagan was as a president . this book shows that this is not even close to being true . under his presidency we went from the number one loaner to the number one debtor in the world . him and his administration sold missles to iran inexchange for hostages and then illegally took that money to support contras in latin america . under his administrations hands off approach wall street ran wild with illegal and immoral practices . all this happened while his administration held down the poor and middle-class while giving the rich more money . it is debated whether reagan knew some of these things were happening hence the title of the book . it is a very good read and easy to fly through the whole book . the only complaint about it is the lack of an indept description of the savings and loan scandle and the dredded star wars program . recommended for anyone intrested in learning what happened behind the scenes of this presidency
10980: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i understand why so many people like dido..she is beautiful , has a decent voice , comes across as a decent human being and is inoffensive...this album is the same - ' inoffensive' ...some might say , bland...the tracks that work for me are ' thank you ' ( used on eminem 's ' stan ' ) , but is done solo here and it works , ' hunter ' and ' here with me' ...the rest just disappear into the background like a passing car...nothing much happens , nothing inspires...i really want to like her , but it 's all been done before. .
10990: real: pos ; predicted: neg
a wonderful book providing a myriad of ideas for those of us who need not only a basic review of knitting but an introduction to a new world of knitting . thank you chapman tracy for such beautiful photos , tips , etc. i 've already given this book as a gift and will continue to highly recommend it
10991: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i loved this movie...it was a little hard to follow because of the commercial break timings in it . this did not make the movie any less great it just made the movie a little hard to follow because it kept repeating the intro . at the time that the commercial breaks should have been because of it being a tv show that was made into a movie
10995: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this needs a lot of light . i returned this do due the lighting / picture quality . the one nice thing about it is you can record decent video quality on a memory card-mpeg 4
10996: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you have trouble sleeping...this mask is for you ! ! for anyone struggling to get even a few minutes worth of sleep.. . you will not be disappointed ! ! fabulous ! whether for a nap or for getting through the night - this mask will definitely help ! i have given several as gifts and everyone is in agreement with me ! the only negative is - the company changed from an endless sound model to 30 minutes of sound...therefore - i wake up and have to re-hit the sound selection...but , i 'm still getting more sleep than i have in years and years !
10998: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the idea is fantastic . the fact is i do n't wake up immediately like bzzzz- -i 'm awake . amazingly i can hit the snooze on a regular alarm without ever knowing it . on this alarm , the light starts glowing and gets brighter and brighter over a period of time you select . i have mine set for 15 minutes , and usually by the time the light has reached maximum i 'm coherent enough to get up . if the light does n't do it , you can add sounds ranging from a buzzer to screeching sea gulls- -ocean , wind , and ringing bells falling somewhere in between . the flaws : as others have mentioned , the light itself makes a buzzing noise at low light levels . so when it first pops on in the morning , you also get the annoying filiment vibration of the lamp . secondly , you do n't set the alarm for when you want to get up . you have to go through some math calculations , figuring out when you want to wake up and how long it will take you to get to that point . then you set the alarm for that earlier time ( awake minus groggy equals alarm time ) . third , if you use the sound in addition to the light , it does increase in volume as the light increases in intensity , but the sound starts out so loud to begin with that the light is really pointless . a workaround we 've found for this is to use the external speaker provided . plug it into the back of the light , run it across the room , and bury it upside down under some pillows . then pick a sound like " birds " instead of the lip-curling " harbor " or " town " . from it 's buried location across the room , the sound hits the right volume about the time the light maxes out . whoever came up with the plan of making the sound come on with the light was just not thinking . fourth , the clock lumination can change colors , rotating through the entire rainbow all night long in its default setting . at first that looks cool . until you realize a bright yellow clock glowing in your face at 2 a.m. is just wrong . the darkest setting is red , and the only way to choose it is to hit a pause button on the back when it rotates around to that color . so yes , it works . and it wakes me up without making me use my hammer . but the design is just plain stupid . if the manufacturer would wander by here , read this and make a few design changes , they could make a light worth buying
11002: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it 's easy to realize once again what makes garth ennis one of the best writers in the field when reading this one . throughout the story i was unable to predict what was going to happen on the next page . and despite ennis making this into a rollercoaster ride he still keeps it all believable . mind you , this story is not on par with the preacher series , not much is , but it still is a story that rises far above the average comic book story . the characters are all interesting , often funny , and they 'll hold your attention with ease . not once was the story faltering . and in the case of you being a smoker-maybe at the end you 'll be cured of that habit . as another reviewer pointed out this is one hell of an anti-smokers ` add' . so , if you feel like picking up a well told story with constantine in the lead , you 'll do best to pick up this one . if however , you are not yet acquainted with ennis 's preacher than you better turn to that one .
11003: real: neg ; predicted: pos
why in the world would anyone publish a writer 's bread and butter notes to his agent ? besides the money , i mean . there are a couple or three interesting fulminations against this publisher or that editor , whom heinlein feels did him dirty . but in the main this body of correspondence is of zero interest to any but the most complete worshipers of the sf master . just enjoy the stories , and nevermind the workaday business of how they got published
11004: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've had norton anti-virus since 2002 on my 2002 dell machine which meets teh program requirements . its gotten so slow as to be really annoying to use . it takes 30+ seconds to open a 2 page word document . when norton is updating the virus file , the machine slows to a crawl , instead of downloading quietly ( and a bit slower ) in the back ground its slowed the machine to such a great extent that we do n't use sleep mode anymore because when the machine is woken up it can take 10 minutes on a dsl to update . its so slow that i am trying kaspersky 6.0. i do n't know if thats better or worse , but since i do n't go to " dangerous " sits or perfom lots of downloads its got to be better than teh current state . the way i look at it - with norton anti-virus my machine functions 100% of the time as if its being slowed by a virus . anything is bette
11007: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had to work with a pc and windows because of my profession......architect. . my firms have always used architectural desktop . unfortunately , it only is compatible with a pc . now ! ! finally i purchased an exquisite imac. . and when need be , i can run architectural desktop on it in windows to get a few things done. . apple vs pc ? no comparison... . and my imac is so sexy it makes me smile. . so kill me .
11013: real: neg ; predicted: pos
sorry , bill ! poor lyrics and only fair production have made this a most disappointing purchase . the guitar playing is adequate , but not good enough to save this material . i hope bill spends a little more time on the thought process before bringing out his next material .
11014: real: neg ; predicted: pos
having been a fan of antonia fraser for many years , i highly anticipated her biography of queen marie-antoinette , but have been very disappointed in that she often chooses the sensational over the factual . she depicts marie-antoinette 's mother empress maria theresa as heartless and calculating for sending her daughter to france at age 14 to get married , but arranged marriages were the norm ; the empress was not doing anything out of the ordinary . what startled me most is that fraser not only insists on antoinette having an affair with count axel von fersen , of which there is little concrete evidence , but goes onto maintain that axel used condoms to keep the queen from getting pregnant . it seems to me that marie-antoinette loved children so much ; she came from a family of sixteen where children were valued and her more liberal sister caroline went on to have eleven children or more . she was also a devout catholic and using such devices were unthinkable , unless one was a prostitute or dealing with prostitutes . in this case fraser is applying the morals of some british aristocratic ladies to a queen of france . if marie-antoinette had been caught in adultery , it would have been considered treason ; she would have been sent to a convent and had her children taken away from her . with all of her enemies at court , that was not a risk she would have taken , if she had been so inclined . on a smaller scale , fraser makes ridiculous assertions about marie-antoinette dyeing her hair - in all the pictures that i have seen of her , her hair looks grey from either powder or premature age ; i have never read any first hand accounts of her dyeing it . not that that is a big deal ; but it makes me wonder where lady fraser 's life ends and where marie-antoinette 's life begins . i found it offensive that at the end fraser interprets marie-antoinette 's death as some kind of sacrifice for the cause of democracy , when she believed in monarchy and wanted her little son to be king . especially , since marie-antoinette 's murder was followed not by democracy but by dictatorships and napoleon crowning himslf emperor . sadly , there is a lacuna of decent biographies of the queen in the english language . one can only hope that the works of bertieres , chalon , and delorme will soon be translated and published in english . fraser 's book does have some interesting details ( aside from those which flow from her imagination ) and it is much more sympathetic to the queen than lever 's travesty
11025: real: neg ; predicted: pos
pablo francisco is like michael jordan on the wizards . he just isnt as good as he used to be . i hope he proves me wrong in future material . save yourself some money and get his old work .
11032: real: pos ; predicted: neg
right , so by putting a review down for this album , i am getting labeled as an emo kid who wears his sweater too tight , cuts himself and cries over his girlfriend all day long , well too bad that 's not me , i am just a normal person who can tell the diference between bad and good music . hawthorne heights is an emo band who are criticised by lots and loved by lots of others , i have to agree that their lyrics are quite simplistic and are used over and over , they might even sound gay at some points , although , " we are so last year " made me laugh " i should have known you better , i should blame it on the weather " wtf is that ? ? ? anywyas so the lyrics are probably the reason why i 'm giving this 4 and not 5. but here we 're talking music not lyrics . the music has nothing very special to it and i can play every song on guitar , they often use the same chords except for a few songs " this is who we are " , but they have a lot of interesting melodies and do n't just rely on power chords to make their music interesting . even though these chord sequences are often re-used , hawthorne heights always manage to make their sound diverse and interesting and they are slowly imposing themsleves as the kings of knock-out choruses . the other thing i have noticed in this album is that there are much less screaming parts which is an improvement and the guitarist has finally learnt where his place is in the band ( behind his guitar ) but also when is a good time to scream and when it isn't . this makes them quite different from most other emo bands who literaly destroy their sound with high shrieks . hawthorne have become a little darker and even tune down their guitars in some of their songs now adding a bit more heavyness . also check out " where can i stab myslef in the ears " to see how hawthorne have improved . overall this is a step forward from their last album , it wo n't change the emo scene forever , but it will leave its mark in your memories and will give you a good moment when listening to it
11033: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is the one i buy for friends and the one they use at my pediatricians office . it is like the one i bought 5 years ago with my first baby , the one that is still humming along . i have been really happy with our thermometer with the exception that it was-and-is still too big to use with my second child , a boy who persists in having ' tiny ' ear canals even though he is three now . it has worked well for every other kid i know though . about the variation in temperature taking . my advice is to practice taking your and your children 's temperature while you and they are healthy . for one thing , not everyone has the ` standard ' 98.6 degree normal temperature ; and for another thing it is n't always easy to get the tip pointed in the right direction once it is in the ear canal . it takes practice . a good home purchase . ( for really little babies we used a pacifier thermometer with great success .
11036: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have used this supplement for more than five years at the suggestion of a herbalist . i have never felt better . not only does it seem to help keep those colds away , it seems to keep me more health feeling and less tired
11037: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it is now almost a month since i bought the upgrade to xp prof . for my destop computer running w2k prof . i have had nothing but trouble . my notebook computer , connected by a wireless next for almost 18 months , suddenly could not connect to the desktop . all network setup and trouble-shooting help did nothing . i called ms and things got worse . now i have an dditional problem ( no sound on my desktop ) and the first problem remains unsolved . i have been through three layers of ms technicians , only the last of which spoke english with an accent close enough to mine to be understood . nonce could fix the problems and they are now " researching " the problem and supposed to call me this morning . during one of the calls , the tech . tried to blame it on my notebook . if any of you are old enough to remember when there was only one telephone company , you 'll ercognize the situation . right now , i would prefer getting a refund and returning to w2k
11039: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was not a waste of brad 's time or mine . good job !
11044: real: neg ; predicted: pos
fellini brings light on space instead of space on light . he brings mysticism to the movie not the movie to mysticism . he brings boredom and rattling to a new height . lots of nice emotionalism and sweat . waging tongues and blood . candles and tits . bondage and perversion . we learn italian words that we can not use . here is a good tidbit " child of aphrodite and hermes...hermaphrodite . " the subtitles conveniently disappear at crucial moments . even in italian the voices do not match the sound . one of the roman dudes encolpio ( martin potter ) finally got a real part as " doctor who " in1983.
11049: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great program but the fact that you ca n't lock the toolbar into place leads to major amounts of time wasted . homesite kind of peaked at version 3 when it was run by alaire
11050: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was blown away by the wonderful acting of juliet lewis and giovanni ribisi who played the retarded young adults . this was a very compassionate film about the realities of living with a disability . disabled people desire and deserve to have the same opportunities as everyone else . it was wonderful to see the love " carla " ' s siblings and parents had for her . there were 2 reasons i did n't give this movie 5 stars . one was that diane keaton 's character of the overly controlling mother was annoying . obviously she was supposed to be annoying , but i think she overacted a bit and she needed better lines , she seemed to say the same stuff over and over again . another reason i did n't love this film was because hollywood once again compels right wing nut jobs to write reviews that portray themselves as normal and good . sorry , hollywood , but there will always be those of us who still believe god 's word to be true . being a right wing nut job is n't considered normal or ok in the bible . god never created it . look it up . you are not helping people who struggle with it to be set free from that addiction and lonely lifestyle .
11054: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i guess in this book you can see both the good qualities of ayn rand as well as some of her non-desirable traits . good gateway book before tackling on the big and long atlas shrugged
11058: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was my very first book for nora roberts , and so far it 's the best book ever . it is the perfect book . brianna is a wonderful , smart inn keeper with many talents and a rare kind of maturity . i would love to be like her ! and gray is a successful , sweet , caring , witty author that comes to her inn in ireland to relax and start a new book . this is no ordinary romance . i love that it goes deep , not only into the main characters ' personalities , but there is also brianna 's sister and brother-in-law , her mother , her friend , and gray 's agent . not to mention the wonderful scenary of ireland described throughout the book . the conlcusion of the book is wonderful and utterly satisfying , leaving you with a happy glow that lasts a long time ! other books by nora roberts are good , but this one takes the prize . of the born trilogy this one is the best and it should not be missed
11059: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i believe it is important to say that i am a quickbooks proadvisor . as a technical consultant to small businesses , i began supporting quickbooks several years ago after i saw how it benefited my clients . i began useing quickbooks myself in 1999 for my business . this version is one of the best advances i have seen . the new home page shows the various work-flows in an easy to understand format , making it easy to get to the form i need with one click . i really like the new " centers " for customers , vendors and employees . most of the information i need when looking for history with a customer or vendor is available when i click on the customer or vendor name . with one more click i can easily see the original transaction . i used to have to go through several screens to get to the information i needed . the industry customization in the premier edition is a great addition and well worth the additional investment . i have a client using the contractor edition . the contractor center provides a quick glance at how the business is doing . the job cost reporting is an excellent tool to help better manage the business by comparing actual to estimated costs . they have been able to improve their estimates based on the information quickbooks makes available to them . the key to having the information you need is to make sure you get it setup properly in the beginning . spend some time reviewing the excellent on-line training and help before you setup your company files . if you do n't like reading the instructions , another option would be to get the help of a local quickbooks proadvisor for assistance . i highly recommend it .
11061: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this a year ago and have taken many great pictures with it . it 's light , has many features and can be used as an automatic when all you want to do is point and click . i ca n't recommend it enough .
11063: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this heating pad wraps around , stays put , does a perfect job and turns off by itself . spend the money and get a better mousetrap
11064: real: pos ; predicted: neg
its a cable , it works , what else do you want ? i know its not the cheapest one out there , but this one says " sony " on it . yea ! ! but , i am a true believer that you only get what you pay for . im sure its better quality than the five dollar version at the flea market . who knows , but i sure feel all warm and fuzzy about getting quality sony products .
11067: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my youngest daughter has had mild to severe asthma for 32 years and has had to use an inhaler almost on a daily basis . i bought her this product to use in her new house as she was having severe asthma attacks from dust , mold , pollen , ect . she has been using this product for three ( 3 ) months now and she has not had to use her inhaler a single time . we have used several other brands and types of air cleaners in the past twenty years but none have proven as effective as this product . highly recommeded
11068: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this camera a year ago , the camera is goog only for outdoor use with a lot of light , but for using indoor ( with flash ) is very , very bad . when you use flash the photo are not good , but if you go to beach this may be a regular choice , if you can bought another camera .
11070: real: neg ; predicted: pos
unit gives inconsistant results especially with front projection sets . spyder also requires room to be as dark as possible in order to make adjustments . this is not always practical . the tripod mount fits too loose on spyder and easily falls off . i think this is a good beginning to a potentially fine product , but not yet ready for prime time
11072: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i just got my copy of the dvd r-rated version and yes the best parts of the bondage scene are missing . why those edit happy bozos would remove the lower body scenes showing the actresses powerful legs around her captor and leave the breasts showing is beyond me . since this scene is most appealing in the way the original version first displayed it in 85 , to take it out in my opinion degrades the movie entirely . i was completely dissapointed in this version of the movie . if anyone saw the unrated 1985 vhs version you would know what i mean . lana was the movie . why remove it ? ? ? ? ? i have [not a] clue ! ! ! unsatisfied customer
11074: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have received so many compliments on this fragrance . i can always pick out the scent when someone else is wearing it . although a fragrance will smell different on each person , i have not known of anyone this one did not work for . i guess the negative reviewer is the first i have heard of . i highly recommend this to anyone who likes a fresh fragrance
11079: real: neg ; predicted: pos
following on from the fantastic ' the duel ' allison moorer 's latest release ' getting somewhere ' is a massive , massive disappointment . quite simply the material on ' getting somewhere ' is weak and gutless . on the rare occasions moorer tries to emulate the beauty and feel of ' the duel ' - such as on hallelujah & new years day - earle rips the heart out of the material with such an amateurish , pedestrian and thin production that you feel cheated ! business and pleasure rarely mix and moorer should take a long , hard look at this release and give serious consideration to re-installing rs field next time around . if moorer wants a guitar groove that burns , drums that drive and vocals that mesmerise then earle is simply not the man for the job . moorer is a fantastic talent who has one of the finest female voices of any genre ( she can write a mean song too ! ) . this cd showcases none of her abilities and should be consigned to the bargain bins immediately
11081: real: pos ; predicted: neg
bridget jones , modern day woman , brillant and does n't know it , prone to accidents and mess ups but manages to come out of them . this is the book that started it all with the chick lit fever . bridget jones is my hero !
11083: real: pos ; predicted: neg
ok i gave it 4 stars just for the fact that you cant actually hold them in your hands and read them . i do have them on my laptop so i guess that kinda works . whats great about it is the price . 30 bucks for 40 years of comics.....get real ! ! ! i did have some install problems at first like others have but when i took the disc out and reloaded it it fixed itself . i think it was a adobe update but it did it for me so no biggie . my only problem now is when am i going to find time to read all of the issues . oh and one more thing you can save the disc to your hard drive so you can save it at work and read at lunch without having to bring the disc with you . highly recomended if you love comics
11084: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as far as gps software goes , there is nothing better available than streets & trips and autoroute . there are dozens of features that you ca n't find with the self-contained gps units . it is easy to add multiple stops and to optimize them into the best order , night-view is another great feature , as are the topographical maps . the new feature offered this year , of easy-linking to satellite photos of places on the map , is also a welcome addition . the only reason i 'm giving it a four is because of the following : 1 ) there is still no ground-level or 3d view of the roads for use in the gps function 2 ) they still have n't added an option to exclude roads that ban trucks or commercial traffic form using them . 3 ) there is n't a lot of coverage for eastern european countries , most notably , nothing in russia . nonetheless , it is still better than any other gps software on the market
11086: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love this product and the lasting results . it is so gentle on my hair . i bought two , one being a christmas present for my neighbor who had recently had a very bad perm , and she agreed , makes the set last while not futher damaging your hair . if you are sleeping in curlers , sleep no more . this product is for you
11087: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this niv study bible and really enjoy the options it provides : daily memorization . morning and evening meditation and many different ways to " read the whole bible in a year.. . read " ot nt ps and pr. in a year " . n.t. in six months " . " daily light on a daily path " . etc. there are many ways to approach your daily study . easy to navigate and can even highlight in colors . i would recommend this for anyone who wants to take the bible with them on the road or to work or wherever you take your palm pilot .
11089: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the chronological donald vol.2 was the second box of my collection , after i happen collected the first one . the tin box contains 2 dvd9 look very precious.but the shipment made its had some ding . if you like disney , you do n't miss this treasures collection . the dvd content very classical and a lot of fun for your children
11090: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i live in south africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.thanks to amazon i was able to relive the wonder of archie bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family , each of whom is brilliantly cast.i have series 3&4 and now want 1&2.do n't wait any longer , 24 episodes of absolute delight await you
11093: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great camera . . . one of the few lower priced cams to keep the mic jack and the headphone jack , but beware . .. . this camera does not come with a lens cap , and no remote control . other sources state that this camera does not have a leica lens . this camera does not have a / v input . no flash , no hot accessory shoe ( though it has one which has no power ) . no widescreen lcd . it does record in widescreen but no image stabilization in widescreen .
11094: real: neg ; predicted: pos
order this item only if you do not need to use it immediately and can wait for a long time . i do not know how long because i am still waiting
11095: real: pos ; predicted: neg
there are plenty of reasons to get this dead album . one is the fact that this is probably the best recorded psychedelic cd of all time . it was the first rock album recorded on a 16 track . in fact it was rerecorded to take advantage of the technology . the remaster is splendid . another good reason is the great bonus tracks . almost 80 minutes of dead for less than the price of driving your suv to the record store . can you dig it
11096: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this camera for myself during christmas 2004. it was suppose to be a utility camera , ebay items and class projects for the kids only- -i do n't trust digital cameras for family photos . the kodak cx7300 seemed to fit the bill ; inexpensive , easy to use and with more than enough resolution at 3.2mp . the flaw in this camera did n't appear until i pulled it out of the drawer some months later . the camera would n't turn on . i checked the batteries and they were in excellent shape . i eventually tried replacing the batteries and , sure enough , that worked . the next time i took out the camera , the exact same thing happened . and the time after that . at first , i thought the cx7300 was eating the batteries . but eventually i came to the conclusion that the camera does n't eat batteries , it nibbles at them . it wo n't run on anything but brand-spanking-new batteries . the kodak batteries that came with the cx7300 are still in my mini-mag flashlight , going strong . i contacted kodak about this flaw . they wanted to talk about what kind of batteries i 'm using- -kodak- -or the option of my purchasing a camera dock and some rechargeable batteries . a solution that would increase my investment by about seventy-five percent . i thought that buying an optional ac adapter would be the simple , and cheap , solution . surprise , surprise , the cx7300 is one of the few digital cameras kodak makes that does n't take one . so , now that i 'm way past warranty , what do i do with it ? i 'm shopping for another camera
11097: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i echo the comments of the previous reviewers . do n't waste your money . not only does this book present a tedious repetition of facts and stories already well known to even a casual u2 fan , it ca n't even get those facts right ! the book states that bono 's father dropped the family off at a catholic church before driving himself to another church . this contradicts the correct statement on the preceding page that bob hewson was catholic , while bono , his mother and brother were protestant . in the same paragraph the dublin neighborhood of " glasnevin " is misspelled " asnevin " . the hearing aid shop from which bono took his name is misspelled , and perhaps most galling of all , the author ca n't even get the full name of larry mullen , jr. right ! and this is just chapter one ! i have to agree that this book was simply thrown together to make a quick buck and therefore not worth purchasing . i would suggest skipping this one and purchasing bono : in conversation with michka assayas , which includes a pretty good account of bono 's life from the man himself .
11098: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this for my child who uses it at school and loves it . i have a mac pro running the latest version of mac os . i installed it and it needs to run on 800x600 resolution , which is kind of silly in this day-and-age , but that works ok . what does not work is that it crashes about every 5 minutes . pretty unworkable . do n't bother buying this for a mac
11105: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i think is a " must " for any beginner , for a low price you can have almost all the different size of ep . try them for a few months and then when you will be completely sure what do you want and buy the ep that you need .
11108: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i purchased this camera to use with my previous church 's media ministry , based on my trial use of the vx2000. that was three years ago . this camera is still running as well as it did when i bought it . i use it upwards of 3 times a week to create content for web and dvd production , plus , i get great digital audio recordings when i plug directly into my current church 's sound system . the ability to tweak audio and video input on the fly is incredible . now that i am creating a multimedia team for our church , i 've convinced the church to buy one for themselves
11109: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i should have left this review a long time ago . i could kick myself for buying it , thinking it was a film , not a religous object . if you critisize this film amongst religious radicals , you risk being burned at the stake , an act of love to purify your soul . this film , as a film , disregarding the topic , is a dog . a cheap " b " grade , blood spurting , flesh flying horror flick in aramaic with sub-titles . i could go on for an hour , but wo n't bother
11111: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've tried all kinds of bibs , but nothing works better than pampers bibsters . right size , great pocket to catch crumbs , covers my 18 mth old , soaks up spills . i use them full time , not just on the road .
11113: real: neg ; predicted: pos
you know , i actually enjoyed the first mummy . it was funny , the idea , not often seen in modern films , was good , and the characters were each , in their own way , entertaining to watch . why , god , why did they have to go and make a sequel ? i do n't understand . was it for the money ? ? ? i 'm not sure when exactly i began to hate this ; maybe it was somewhere in between the horrible and almost nonexistent plotline and the stupidity of the main characters making the same mistake again . really , you 'd think after the first time they accidentally woke a mummy from it 's thousand-year rest they 'd learn their lesson . but oh , no ; the first time was n't enough . and , also , the whole having a kid thing , did n't seem to work . the relationship between the characters was n't the same anymore . i hate it when they do that in movies : make sequels and give the once-cool , main characters children . nothing against it , just felt wrong for this movie . throughout most of this movie , i felt stupid , and i do n't like for things to make me feel that way . i also felt embarrassed to have actually paid for my tickets at the theater . maybe it 's just me ; i just did n't like it . question of the day for american cinema : what 's the deal with being obsessed with sequels ? ? ? ? ? come on , the first was good enough . you know what the worst thing is ? -i was actually looking forward to seeing this
11117: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this book at walmart , which rarely carries books regarding shambala or any other eastern ideology . it was cheap and on the clearance rack . i should have know better . when i realized this was part three in a series i decided to read the first two books , the celestine prophecy and the tenth insight in order to be able to better appreciate the third one . after borrowing and reading the first two , i realized what a sham this series truly is . first , i realize they are supposed to be fictional . however , when a work of fiction attempts to use historical background for its premise , the author should first do his homework and make sure the historical facts are completely accurate . additionally , when usurping a mythical name such as shambala , one should know what the actual mythology entails , instead of making up one 's own notion of what is involed . shambala is not the same as shangri-la . shangri-la was a fictional community in a book written in early 20th century western culture . shambala is an ancient eastern mythical kingdom that is in no way similar to the fictional place in redfield 's imagination . also , beware of writers who combine religions and mythologies . as joseph campbell said many times in his lectures and books , they all contain the truth as seen by different cultures , but they must never be mixed together . it just does n't work
11119: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i received the tripod ahead of the expected schedule . i 've been looking at tripods in stores in and around the greater boston area . you ca n't get a better tripod for the money . in fact , you ca n't get anything " decent " for under $40-50 and even then i 'm not sure you will get something this good . i had it shipped to my job and a few guys in the office ( which i did n't know ) had purchased a tripod in the past and where really impressed when i told them i only paid $25 for it . conclusion : is the tripod perfect , no . the head looks a little like plastic . but it has nice rubber feet and rubber grip in addition to everything listed on the website . this tripod is perfect for the beginner to enthusiast photographer .
11120: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i started writing code for the web back when you could still order it as a text only service . dos ruled the day , and there were no ads plastered on every site . this is the first product that takes huge steps backward in useability , functionality , and performance since the public birth of the web . unlike the previous reviewers glowing account of as 4000 i am looking at new software because the service that this company provides and their complete lack of a proactive nature with regard to its useability have rankled me one too many times . to wit : 1. i am running a dual core 3.0 with 1 gb of memory and the 3d draw is slower that previous versions . 2. tech support had the audacity to tell me that going to a drop down menu to rotate an item selected is faster than a right click of the mouse and a context menu that would allow me to do the same from that menu . this is a step backward of at least 10 years . previous versions had the right click menu which also had delete and other frequently used commands available . really piss poor on their part to eliminate this feature alone . 3. despite a fast newer machine , once you select an item you have to wait before you can move it by selecting it a second time . pitiful . 4. wo n't import standard dxf files without saving them as one layer . making a product that wo n't play nice with others is a bad thing . i have other issues , but just do n't want to spend any more time on this company or their products . if i ran my business and failed to listen to my customers like punch , i would be out of business . bottom line : no longer recommende
11121: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i wanted a good reading lamp and bought this lamp after doing a bit of research . after taking the very heavy lamp out of the box and assembling it , i turned it on to find that it gives off very little light . i thought it might be something i would need to get used to and sat down that night to read only to find that my eyes were straining under the light . i tried using the lamp during the day / twilight and found that the illumination of the lamp was barely noticable . though it was quite a feat to put the lamp back into the box it was shipped in , i returned it to amazon which is something i rarely do
11122: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book made me feel like i was being patronized . they said the same thing over and over . i wish i had n't bought it
11124: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after using this product for about a month and a half , i began to get very high blood pressure readings ( 157 / 106 ) . my doctor took my bp on the same day and got 130 / 80 , which i also got with my manual cuff . i find that this machine tends to show a rapid pulse as well . the only good thing about it is that you do n't have to record your readings manually . if they calibrate the machine properly , it would be a great thing , but i wasted my money
11127: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is truly one of the great jazz albums of all time . surprisingly , evans ' introspective style and cannonball 's soulful approach meld together perfectly . perhaps this is testament to just how hugely talented these men are . both the technical skill and pure musicmanship displayed on this record is just amazing . i 've owned this cd for over 10 years now and still find so much to listen to in these recordings . highlights are the amazing & quot ; waltz for debby&quot ; and earl zindars ' waltz & quot ; elsa&quot ; , easily one of the most beautiful songs ever written , in my opinion . you simply cannot go wrong with this cd
11130: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this lens based on the super telephoto ability and low cost . you truly get what you pay for , and this thing is n't worth a plug nickel . i took a few shots on a tripod and could not believe how terrible this lens was @ 300mm ( 480mm on a digital rebel xt ) . incredibly soft . even stopped down , i would never want to make an enlargement from it . stay away . do n't believe the fools who are novices , you will be disappointed with this lens . you 're much better off to buy the older & used 100-300mm 5.6 ( the l version costs more too ) but both are so much better than this junker . you 're even more crazy if you think you can take decent photo 's with this lens handheld . having switched from nikon when switching to digital , i almost judged canon from this one lens , which i 'm glad i didn't . do n't waste your money or learn the hard way like i did . this lens also had terrible purple fringing , almost as bad as the kit 18-55mm . after extensive research and testing i now own and am happy with the following canon lenses : canon 10-22mm canon 28-105mm ( 3.5 version ) canon 100-300mm ( 5.6 non-l version ) i will sell for the l version when i can afford it . the kit 18-55mm makes usable shots , but when i could afford it , i sold it too . you will get better results buying a rebel xt and an older 100-300mm than you would with a brand new xti and this terrible 75-300mm lens .
11131: real: neg ; predicted: pos
good scale - could have been better designe for feet - fat measurement pretty close
11133: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought myself this book light after giving someone a $5 " robotic " book light from walgreens . when she used hers it lit up the room . when i got mine today i tried it out and it barely lit up the palm of my hand . had to smack it twice when the light flickered off to get it to come back on . it is flimsy , the light is dim and it 's not worth the wait . go to walgreens instead . mine is now lighting up the bottom of the trash can
11134: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is jeff beck 's best album . a masterpiece of guitar work . this is an all instrumental album that features what jeff does best - play guitar . the supporting band is excellent especially the drum work . production quality is excellent as well . while i would n't consider jb a blues guitarist i would consider him one of the top 10 guitarist ever and this album show cases why . a great companion album to blow by blow is wired . it 's a shame that after wired his record company made him go back to albums with vocals . he has on a roll and at a level that he has rarely gotten back to . if you like guitar and can live without vocals buy this album . you will not be disappointed
11136: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight
11138: real: neg ; predicted: pos
obviously bogus reviews . version 6 was slow as a dog , so any improvement will make this more interesting . of course rasing the price to $300 and $450 is less interesting . what about those of us that upgraded to the slow dog 6 and unintalled it to return to v5 ? how bout tossing us all a bone
11141: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this keychain photo viewer sold by a company called " smartparts " is identical to one sold by " argus . " neither company manufactures the device nor do they offer a shred of tech support . you buy this , you 're on your own . you seem to be able to find the argus one a little cheaper.. . though they do mar the front of it with a big , black imprint of their logo . in any case , this thing is maybe worth $20 as a novelty . do n't pay more . image quality is mediocre and the software , while functional , is stunningly primitive . if you can pick it up cheap and approach it with low expectations , it 's a kind of cute gizmo . but do n't give yourself agita by overpaying for an obsolete little toy . check the bargain bins for this thing , or just wait for the next generation device . - - m
11145: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was searching for a two inch curling iron for a while . i have had so -so dealings with gold n hot in the past so i was a little nervous but i purchased this one anyway . so far , so good . it 's surprisingly light ( at least compared to my one inch ceramic tools curling iron ) . i usually let my hair air dry and use my curling irons to straighten my hair as i curl the ends ( i 'm black with a relaxer . ) i have yet to do it with this one . although i might try b / c it gets really hot . ( i usually have it on around 20-25 out of 30 ) the only problem is that the ceramic can chip off ( it happened with the first one i bought , but i returned it and got a new one that has n't chipped so far ) and it 's so big that if you take your thumb off the spring grip , it can be hard to get it back on ( i have huge hands too .
11149: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this story is true to life living in south west and west phila . it brought back many memories and changing the names did not bother me . i really enjoyed reading about life the way it was back in the 55 to 70 era . yes this was life in phila row home .
11151: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i use pdfs a lot and i must say that quite often i turn to free pdf software to actually do the tasks that acrobat fails to do . one area i have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so i switch to the free pdf software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use . however if you are a pro pdf maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then i recommend this product hands down as the best one . i just find that it is not always the best pdf software package in the world , but a good one all the same . i would not recommend buying this one just to make standard pdf files alone . if you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right .
11153: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i wrote this review because i felt that none of the reviews so far really got the main cause of this book . this is not a book about cosmology ( as people would expect from roger penrose ) . in this tiny book , penrose summarizes his idea that the mind cannot be understood by mathematical processes ( something much different from the opinion of 99 , 99% of neurobiologists , such as steven pinker ) . this view is near to the nobel laureate murray gell-mann . the book is easy to understand and the ideas are very concise and its recommended for the ones that are interested in intelligence theories ( thus , the author assumes that the reader know what a neuron is and how it works ! ) . some may think this is a difficult to understand book because they did n't had in mind that this book is about penrose 's point of view on intelligence . in fact , i 'm not a physicist , nor a biologist , simply a high school student and i found the book very easy to understand , although i do not agree with penrose 's point of view . i think he forgot something very important . read it and read the other point of view and you 'll find what it is ! :
11155: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i waited over 30 years to see this film , and now that i have - - i 'm glad i waited that long . its glaring defects might not have been so obvious to me 30 years ago . nicholas , alexandra , their daughters , their son , the people surrounding them - - not only are they not fictional , but thanks to the era in which they lived , they were photographed , we know what they actually looked like . so who on earth did the casting ? ! it was impossible to tell one grand duchess from another , and as for alexandra - - in the first few scenes , i had trouble distinguishing the actress from someone in drag . janet suzman was the worst casting flub of all , unless you count the stilted manner in which michael jayston delivered his lines . what a stiff and boring character he makes nicholas to be . yet there are photos extant of nicholas smiling as he played with his children . nicholas was also portrayed as obsessed with holding on to his power as tsar . but in the robert massie book after which the movie was purportedly modeled , it was very clear that nicholas was acutely aware of his responsibilities to the russian people , as well as to his family , and above all his son , the future tsar . there was nothing exceptional about his behavior ; most of europe at the time was ruled by kings and queens , and to all of them , the thought of losing their thrones was simply unthinkable . yet this film falls into the trap most of us do , of judging history not on the basis of its own terms , but with our usual spectacularly accurate 20 / 20 hindsight . having been fed soviet propaganda for 75 years , we have it entrenched in our minds that nicholas was an extremely poor ruler . that 's the stunning success of the massie book , that someone who had absolutely no connection to russians , and no connection to royalty save for the one coincidence of both their sons having hemophilia , was able to overcome the general ( and erroneous ) " knowledge " of his time and write the kind of sympathetic biography of this family that was long lacking . the movie , on the other hand , makes nicholas look petty , and alexandra slightly over the edge . one petty anachronism was the scene that showed the royal family praying just prior to nicholas 's sending off his troops into world war i . it was badly researched , to the point of ludicrousness . the tsars of russia were all orthodox christians . orthodox christianity has its own very distinctive music ; in fact , russian orthodox chant is very different from greek orthodox chant . so what kind of background music did the director choose ? gregorian , of course ! can we at least *strive* for a little authenticity ? ! apparently not . massie wrote in considerable detail about the attitude of the romanovs towards their captors , how their guards had to be changed every three or so months because they kept winning over the bolsheviks : " you are n't anything like what we thought , " was the most frequently quoted comment on the subject . the movie showed nothing of that . well - - in the end , it was this exact trait of graciousness and consideration towards their captors that ended up getting the romanov family canonized in the russian orthodox church . that movement was well underway by 1971 ; i wonder , if the directors and producers had done a little more thorough research , if the film would have been a tad more sympathetic to these five people caught between two worlds and two cultures . all in all , purchasing the movie was a waste of money . maybe the bolsheviks over at the university 's russian department will appreciate my donating it - - that way , others can get to see it without wasting their money
11156: real: pos ; predicted: neg
by winning their third title in four years the same year that the baseball team that defines the hopes and dreams of generations of new englanders wins its first world series in 86 years . it 's true , the patriots somehow pieced together a team that , despite a string of injuries that seemed to defy all rationality and managed to finish a second consecutive campaign as super bowl champions with a 17-2 record ( which just as easily could have / should have been 18-1 ) ...but the 2004 boston red sox completely sucked the oxygen out of the american sports atmosphere and somehow the 2004 patriots season just does n't seem to measure up to the previous title years of 2001 and 2003. part of the reason is that the previous years seemed to have their own personalities ( 2001 having 9 / 11 , the coming-of-age of tom brady , the snow bowl , and the unbelievable finish of what was probably the most exciting super bowl ever . 2003 had the release of lawyer milloy , the early stumbles to buffalo and washington , the birth of the winning streak , winter weather in foxboro , and yet another thrilling super bowl finish ) ; 2004 just seemed like an anticlimax by comparison , like you were watching a scripted performance that was always going to end with the " w " on the patriots ' side of the field . this is not to say that there were not intriguing challenges that made for good storytelling...the injuries ( leading to the incredible " throwback " two-way play of veteran wide receiver / rookie cornerback troy brown ) , the continued winning streak , the rebirth of offseason acquisition corey dillon , the continuing mastery of the indianapolis colts , and the return to pittsburgh ( where the record 21-game winning streak came to an emphatic end on halloween ( just days after the red sox won the world series , karmically enough ) , where university of michigan graduate tom brady resurrected himself from a triple-digit fever the night before to thoroughly dismantle the best regarded defense in the nfl to send the patriots back to the super bowl , this time in the unfairly maligned city of jacksonville , fl . no nail-biting endings this time , though...despite the best efforts of terrell owens to come back from a leg and ankle injury that would have ended the season of anyone else ( with the possible exception of curt schilling , of course ) , the eagles all-pro was clearly the second-best receiver on the field as deion branch won the super bowl mvp for a record day ( safetyman and render of mayhem extraordinaire rodney harrison would have been my pick , actually ) and the patriots , though trailing early , never really seemed in doubt of winning a game they led by 10 points late before prevailing by the final score of 24-21 which in truth flattered the eagles more than they deserved . far be it that a season ending with a record of 17-2 and another super bowl ring should be considered hum-drum , but there was something missing from the 2004 campaign that , impressive as it was , just does n't translate to the memorable re-telling that the pats ' previous title years do . this is a great dvd for pats fans , indispensible even , but for the casual fan who appreciates the drama that a good nfl season can bring , i would recommend either of the previous patriots highlights dvd 's over this one
11160: real: pos ; predicted: neg
house 1 is darker than it 's sequels but stll maintains the horror / comedy feel throughout . do n't expect to be blown away by outlandish hollywood special effects . the majority of the special effects are not special . but if you can get over that , you 'll enjoy the movie . dvd is pretty bare bones with no amazing special features . i doubt much of that was available due to the age of the film . i 'm just happy it was released on dvd ! if you are a fan of low budget horror / comedy movies this movie may appeal to you . it 's no evil dead , but it is an entertaining movie .
11161: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this product will only display 142 photos no matter how many you may be able to squeeze onto a media card . this little fact is n't mentioned at all on the packaging or in the manual ( hidden from consumer ) . i initially loaded 1 , 400 photos onto a 128mb card and was shocked to only see 142 displayed . a firmware upgrade is offered from the manufacturer on their website to increase this number to 250 , but i could never get the file to load into the frame . another annoying aspect was that the slideshow plays the photos in the same order everytime you start it along with the same music . it would have been nice to hear a random music track start each time the frame is turned on and see some of the later photos instead of having to watch the same photos play in the same order each time you turn the frame back on . definitely not worth the price . shell out a couple more bucks for something that supports unlimited photos and allows random playback
11165: real: pos ; predicted: neg
multiple reviewers of other washington biographies recommended this abridgement over the book they were reviewing . i am a reader , as claimed above , but i have not read any washington biography . i still thought the above information might be helpful to other seekers
11166: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have this program on a 30-day demo . it might be ok if i did n't mind my computer becoming almost unusable . i tried to run the system virus scan , as recommended , but after 3 hours it was only 2% done because it was stuck on a file it could n't seem to get past . i skipped the file , but then it quickly got stuck again . the " time remaining " said it would take 4 days to complete , so i cancelled that scan . it has a learning mode that initally blocks everything . apparently , this program has no brain . for example , i have the live search toolbar installed in outlook . it had to ask me if it was ok to run that dll file . in fact , each program that called up a process from a shared dll has to ask permission before it could run . do n't even get me started on the quickbooks and internet explorer problems . which is what it would n't let those programs do , even after they had been run and i repeated clicked " allow " over and over . twice today it got so slow running ie that it finally crashed the computer so bad that i had to do a hard re-boot . if you have it checking ports on your computer , almost nothing would run or download on ie . so , i 'm going to demo a few more , but it 's probably back to windows live onecare , which i had the past year . it just does n't seem to do much ( no long list of features ) , but it also does n't jam everthing else up
11173: real: pos ; predicted: neg
reasons to buy it : 1. cheap , a mere $140. 2. packed with features . from complete auto mode ( point and shoot ) to fully manual mode . 4mp and 3x optical zoom good enough for most situations . 3. picture quality is good . it 's better than the other two cameras i own ( olympus c720 uz and sony dsc s600 ) . 4. compact . it 's smaller than it looks in the stock photo . 5. fast . switches on and is ready for the first shot within about 1.5 seconds . other things i liked about the camera : - good ergonomics . fits nicely in my hand , all the buttons are well placed and easy to access . i can even switch on the camera and take pictures with one hand . - powerful flash . enough to fill up a moderate size room . - great video mode with sound . it also comes with an audio video cable so that you can connect the camera to your tv and watch the vidoes and pictures on your tv . - lcd is decent size and is fairly bright , which means it 's even visible outdoors in the daytime . things i did n't like about the camera : - manual could be more detailed . there is a bsaic manual and sort of a quick start guide . but there was no 40 page booklet which explained each and every feature in detail . - the auto focus illuminator ( for help in focussing in low light ) is a little bright and can be annoying sometimes . but the upside is that you get good focus even in really low light conditions . - does not come with a battery charger . i bought rechargeable batteries and a charger separately . i have owned the olympus c720 uz and the newer sony dsc s600 , but i think this camera is better than both of them .
11174: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great cd ! each track fades up to full volume at the start and fades down to silence at the end . this makes it nice to just play the entire cd or to loop one track since there are no sharp changes from one noise to another . so far the car and washing machine tracks seem to be our baby 's favorites . when she outgrows the need for this white noise cd , we 'll transition her to lullaby or classical music . for now though , this cd helps us keep her on a schedule and well rested by helping keep her relaxed and usually asleep during her nap times . as a bonus , the waves and rain on the roof tracks are soothing for grown-ups needing to drown out noise while they sleep
11175: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this just arrived thursday so these comments come with minimal time on camera so far . i am also absolutely an amateur user of camcorders so i wo n't be able to comment on the quality of the manual controls , etc. i agree closely with the other two reviews so i wo n't repeat their details . i 'll try to hit a few other topics and also compare the hc7 to the sony hc90 , an earlier model that took 16:9 standard definition video with 3 mp stills . i have taken about one hour of hd video so far , and have viewed it through an hdmi cable on a sony 46 " xbr lcd tv ( 1080p ) . i captured a few indoor scenes , a few neighborhood outdoor scenes , and some footage at harper 's ferry in west virginia - river , mountain , and two trains passing by at close range while i was at the railroad station there . i can say comfortably that you wo n't confuse the video from this camcorder with standard definition camcorder video - when they say high definition , they are n't kidding . if your tv can show the video off to advantage and you 've grown fond of hd , i think you 'd be pleased with this camcorder . in my case , the overwhelming reason i upgraded camcorders was to get the hd video , so this has made it worth the steep expense . my second requirement is to have a camcorder that took decent stills so i only have to carry one piece of equipment around . i already had this in the sony hc90 at 3mp , so going up to 6mp was desirable but not enough to make me buy something this expensive in itself . my only output criticisms so far are that the west virginia footage looks a little brighter and the water a little greener than i remember . i did n't play with any settings so take that with a grain of salt . these camcorders have a lot of manual adjustments you can make which i have not explored . one or more of them undoubtedly would have given me improved footage , and i 'm not unhappy with what i think i noticed in the slightest . the stills look very good to me so far , but i 've only taken about 20 and viewed them on the tv . i normally view stills on a pc . i do n't have a telephoto lens yet so i ca n't report on the quality of the stabilization . i used a tripod today and that was readily apparent in the stability of the video . i was very pleased , by the way , with how well the camera did with the moving trains . very crisp where i expected a fair bit of motion blur . lcd size and controls have been mentioned in first looks . i 'm perfectly happy with a 2.7 " lcd instead of the larger one in the ux7. so this was n't a negative for me personally . the controls ( menus ) are highly similar to those of the sony hc90 i already have . if you have n't seen them before , there 's a learning curve . if you have the hc90 or another camcorder with those menus , you 'll be right at home with the hc7. one note : you can configure p[ersonal]-menus to include the things you use the most in your own order , in addition to the camcorder 's menus . one thing i forgot is that each mode ( video , camera , play / edit ) has its own configurable personal menu . so i was looking for things to add to the play / edit personal menu that i was sure should be configurable , but could n't find them . that was because they belonged only to the filming side , not to the playback side . so you 've got three personal menus you can create , not one . battery : check the sizes on the batteries . the hc90 batteries were very thin . i think three of the batteries for the hc7 fit entirely within its case . the fourth and largest battery looked to be much bigger in one dimension such that i thought it would extend past the end of the camera 1 / 2 " or so . the other three will fit flush into the back of the camera , though they 're not behind a door or anything . battery life : my impression so far is that the battery life statements are accurate , but the batteries drain faster than that of the hc90. this is almost certainly a function of increased power load instead of the older batteries being better than the newer ones . the ccds and the stills and everything are all " more " than in the hc90. so i think i 'm fine with the battery life , but you 'll need to watch it and definitely have more than one battery . size compared to the hc90 : this struck me as being about 10-15% bigger overall than the hc90. it 's maybe 1 / 2 " longer front to back , and wider as well . i think the hc7 is one notch up in size from the average camcorder i see in best buy . but it 's noticeably smaller than last year 's sr1 sony hard disk camcorder , say . i do n't see dropping this one in a coat pocket like i did with the hc90 , but it 's pretty light and still fits in the case i used for the hc90 if i do n't load other stuff in there . fit in the hand : i found a best buy with an hc5 and ux5 on hand and played with both at the same time . these have the same footprint as the hc7 and ux7 as far as i can tell . the hc5 's tape case is maybe 3 / 8 " wider than the ux5 's dvd case . the ux5 's dvd case is maybe 1 / 4 " higher . so i found that my right-hand fingers curled nicely around the smaller but taller ux5 and it felt slightly more comfortable . however , i found that the hc5 's extra width made me curl my palm slightly such that the base of the camcorder fit solidly on top of the ball of my thumb . as i played with this in the store , i realized it seemed like the hc5 actually was easier to hold stable because of this . absolutely try these two out on your own instead of assuming this will be true for you . just wanted to say that the two cases do differ a bit and will probably feel different to you at some level . tape vs dvd ( really hdv vs avchd ) : i spent a lot of time wondering if the noise reported in last year 's avchd ux camcorders would still be present , and if i would care in any case . the detailed reviews still are n't out , so i do n't know whether there will be a noise problem there . but i can say i noticed nothing in the footage so far that i 'd call noise , so my decision to go with the tape and hdv format looks very good to me right now . i have never had the problems people report with mini-dv tapes , so that whole transport discussion ( tape vs dvd ) did n't weigh on me much . the noise discussion did have an effect on my decision , though . getting the video to your tv : " how much money do we have ? " , apparently . i played the tape back to the tv directly , but that 's not a long-term solution . i have heard that you can capture the hdv video and then will be able to transform it on a pc to formats suitable for blu-ray or hdv burners , if you have the money . then you need a blu-ray or hdv player attached to your tv . for now , it sounds like many people are archiving the hdv video to dvds as data files . then they burn playable dvds where the hd is down-converted to standard definition video . so they get to see decent versions of the video now and can produce hd versions for playback in the future as technology changes and prices drop . one other hc7 reviewer also implied that hd files captured by ulead software could be moved to a ps3 hard drive and played back to an hd tv from there . so far , the easy and cheap path we have for sd video to dvds to tvs is not quite there for hd based on what i 've read . the one extra feature i wish the camcorder had was a built-in 20x optical zoom . i 'm sure this would affect both the cost and the size of the barrel negatively , so i " understand " . but that would be #1 on my wish list . overall , i am amazed at what camcorder manufacturers can pack into these shells now . i know we 're talking computers that are way more powerful at image processing than anything that existed ten years ago . but it is still almost like magic to drag a camcorder of this size around , take some video , and then have play it back on a high-quality hd tv looking to me like it was taken with broadcast-level equipment . i know better intellectually , but it 's really great to have a camcorder like this that marries up with the new tvs so beautifully .
11177: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck
11179: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this camera case for my granddaughter for christmas to go with the camera her parents had bought for her . this is the first time i have ever been disappointed with a product i purchased from amazon . it was , in my opinion , not worth the price i paid ! the picture looked much larger that it actually was . i wil continue to purchase through amazon but i will be much more careful and definitely return it if i 'm not satisfied . in this case i did not have time to find another camera case . thanks for giving me the opportunity of expressing my opinion . linda sutto
11180: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i enjoyed the parts regarding the s.s. valiant , but the later part of the book simply did n't work for me . except for picard , who we of course know quite well from the series , the other characters were flat and uninteresting . we never find out what is motivating the alien attackers and they are the cardboard cutout enemy-of-the-week , boring . the whole & quot ; adversarial&quot ; situation with the 1st officer also just struck me as odd and wrong , and was just not developed correctly or fleshed out beyond being another cardboard enemy for picard
11181: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is mood making , sexy , great music . neal adds a slight rock edge to some beautiful and familiar melodies . this album is great for background music ( we play it in our store ) , party music or just for listing . one of the best guitar players of all time ' sings ' with his instrument . buy it now
11182: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i do n't understand why testing for each language exercise is not the default selection instead of having to select it . it is frustrating to go through an entire exercise hoping to see how well you did....and realize that you forgot to select " test " at the beginning . also , it seems that testing should be available for the ' guided exercise ' also ...... not just the regular exercises . other than these two things , the program is very good
11185: real: neg ; predicted: pos
picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price . did n't do a thing for me . wipe it on , let it haze and wipe it off . no difference .
11187: real: pos ; predicted: neg
stephen hawking has crafted a masterpiece that requires only two qualities of the reader : patience and an open mind . for those willing to take the ( often substantial ) time required to digest the material and accept ( or even challenge ) it , a awe inspiring world awaits . this book is rightfully one of the best selling books of all time , and a must read for anyone who has any interest in the world around them
11190: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a teen movie with the endless teen theme of boy seeking to get the goodies from the girl . it is better than the average for this genre due to several factors . mostly , it is because is well done . the subject matter lends itself to course treatment but that is not what is presented here . instead , the situations are depicted with as much dignity as possible from hormone driven teenagers and is is presented with comedy . the time of the film is the 50s . society was more innocent back then but boys still had the same thing on their minds that they always have and always will . in this case , the school geek has a bad case for the school beauty queen . he is aided in his quest by the cool loner from out of town who has his own heart set on " the nice girl " . meanwhile , the unpopular girl has a bad case herself for the geek . the geek achieves his goal and learns that the decorative aspects of women sometimes cover up the less desirable traits . the loner finds that the nice girl really is a nice girl and that love is something special . the unpopular girl undergoes a hormone miracle and becomes a prize catch . everyone winds up happy except the town bully / rich boy . it is simplistic in its portrayal but no less appealing for that . kelly preston plays the beauty queen and she really is the stuff of dreams until the wrapper comes off . doug mckeon plays the geek who becomes a prize himself . catherine mary stewart is the nice girl that i wish had lived next door to me and jami gertz is the metamorphosed hormone miracle . the cast is rounded out by chris nash . each does a good job in the role . teen angst comes to the fore and a worthwhile story actually results . it was fun and bittersweet in the memories it conjured .
11191: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what can you say about mfl that has n't already been said . sublime , perfect , classic . this is still the definitive recording of the show , and no one has ever come close to the original cast . sadly , while the movie is wonderful , had warner bros . used andrew 's it might have been one of the greatest film musicals of all time . and while audrey hepburn gamely gives it her all , andrew 's had clearly made eliza doolittle her own , and she would have been uncomparable on film , and raised the level of the entire movie . well , the rest is history , andrews went on to be one of the biggest movie stars of the 60's . still , probably the best example of a play being adapted into a musical . as george bernard shaw said ( when he finally gave in and saw it during it 's london run ) " i do n't know where shaw ends and lerner and lowe begins .
11192: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i never received this product and the order tracker never displayed the ' problem with this order ? ' icon . they stole my $20.00 and now have the nerve to ask me about the product . its bad enough i am stuck in iraq , now i have my money stolen . they are thieves . even if i had to return it , i still may have received a refund . do not buy from this seller , i could never report it and now i am out 20$. do not purchase from this seller
11194: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if you work in a comic book store , live in your mom 's basement , own a lot of black candles , and think that h . p . lovecraft wrote history books , then you might like this garbage . if you have a life , a clue , or a girlfriend , then you probably will not have any use for this stuff . i still ca n't figure out how record companies get away with classifying this pseudointellectual fluff as metal . it belongs in a category with sisters of mercy or morrisey . this record is completely lacking any imagination or energy : depressing teenagers is like shooting fish in a barrel . i guess if you want to play dungeons and dragons and fester about feeling like an outcast , this would be the thing to listen to . personally i think it 's a huge ripoff when somebody takes five minutes worth of music and stretches it out into an hour . do n't give these jokers your money .
11196: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read these books just for fun thinking i would finish in a few days and not think about it past that . well i had another thing coming . i could n't put the book down once i had started . i missed hours of sleep because of these books . if you want a book that can keep you enraptured for hours read the artemis fowl books you wo n't regret i
11199: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love jazzy hip-hop of the early ' 90s and if you do too , this is the album you must listen to ! all the songs are wonderful but there are some of these which are something of supernatural like the famous ( and the most beautiful of the entire cd ! ) " award tour " , " steve birko ( stir it up ) " and " midnight " . enjoy this pearl of real hip-hop ! ! !
11200: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what a load of junk . gu 29 cd1 was ok . everything else these two have done separately is pretty useless . make sure you hear a sample before buying this . do n't say you were n't warned .
11203: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this item was purchased for casio exilim 8 megapixel camera . the quality of this item is strong and durable . the camera is small any ways to take with you anywhere by putting it in your pocket . however , to protect the camera , this case provides outstanding protection and is still small and compact to take it with you anywhere
11204: real: neg ; predicted: pos
fuji fails to honor warrantee - do n't buy from them do not buy the fuji digital camera . they charged me $[...] for a fix within the warrantee period . their support manager told my wife the cameras are not being built well and dust gets inside destroying the gears . rather than fixing them they replace them and then they charged me for the replacement even though it still had months left on the warrantee . [...
11205: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm a longtime mac user and for re-naming and archiving and cataloguing thousands of images iview media pro is the best , i really like the feature that let 's you produce and publish on-line galleries of your images , without any code or html experience , using only a very simpe interface and you 're ready to go . for the full-time photographer or amateur , i highly recomend it
11206: real: neg ; predicted: pos
one word . generic . terrible . boring . ( well , they are all one word ) people must learn to have a better taste in music . granted there is at least one good song . a few others are decent , but only because there are no vocals . if you have heard any new band for the last 3 years , you have heard pulse ultra . my friend likes breaking binjaman ( another uber generic rock band in my book ) and he listened to 2 songs from pulse ultra and said " thats enough " . do yourself a favor and buy a good cd . when will people learn !
11207: real: pos ; predicted: neg
do n't listen to anyone when they say this movie is bad , it 's good . elektra is filled with aciton , and fx and supervillians ! elektra is one of the best marvel movies ! go see it now
11208: real: pos ; predicted: neg
well , season 5 for me was a little bit of a dissappointment but still contain the character plot line ( or the theme as many will call it ) of southpark itself . since buying this i watched it alot in the first month or two then dropped off . my interest in southpark was revisited with season 6 ( also available on dvd ) however , if you like south park or love it this is for you of course without saying . however , if you just joining in you might want to get the package with the first 5 seasons all together , but this season was good
11209: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i own all of bebo norman 's cds , and i love all of them , except for this one . i bought it and listened to it once , and i hated it . it does not sound like bebo . this sounds like steven curtis chapman or michael w . smith or any of the other mass produced christian / pop music artists . on all of his previous albums , even though he changed his sound slightly , it was still generally very acoustic and bebo-ish . this album sounds nothing like his previous music . i was disappointed .
11215: real: neg ; predicted: pos
was not impressed . narrow scoped , personal reflections , applications limited . i also read the male companion book wild at heart and was also not impressed
11216: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this a " mystery-triller " starring tom berenger , gretta scacchi , corbin bernsen , joanne whalley-kilmer and bob hoskins , it 's the story of a couple who for some reason plunge off a cliff and survive.she falls out of the car early but he is trapped in and falls drastically , crashing all the way.she maintains a black and blue and a bruised arm , while he amazingly lives , at first leaving him in a coma , but more importantly leaving his face looking like hamburger.he eventually comes out of his coma to find that he has amnesia.later , after being nursed back to health and " falling in love with his wife all over again , " he finds a roll of film of his wife having sex with another man.obviously this makes him question what really happened before the crash and he hires a private investigator to help him find the truth . it sounds good and starts off as a pretty good thriller , but comes predictable fast.i knew the key ' mysteries ' almost immediately and i 'm sure that those who have seen hundreds of movies and law & order episodes will agree.eventhough it is predictable and the movie goes downhill at a certain point it does have some moments.i liked bob hoskins and his role especially but have no reason to ever see this again
11218: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have used both paperport 8 and paperport 9 deluxe for over a year so i am qualified to report . both pieces of software have some form of severe incompatibility with windows xp pro . i cannot really get version 9 to operate . everytime i try its like cold molasses . click...wait....wait....wait...wait...and then lock up . i 'm very experienced . i 've been working with pcs since 1991. every other piece of software i 've loaded works very well...except for paperport 8 and 9. in theory paperport 9 should be fine because it converts all scans to pdf which is more or less a universal file format . however theory is a lot better than reality . support is nonexistent from scansoft . if you pay the $19.95 per incident , you still do not get a solution . the scansoft forum is always either not working ( another bad sign ) or it 's full of people complaining about the software and lack of support . unfortunately there are not a lot of alternatives , but doqments looks promising . avoid paperport unless you have money and time to waste
11219: real: neg ; predicted: pos
more than human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas . the writing is often compared to that of faulkner but i would n't make that connection having read a few of faulkner 's works . sturgeon uses many of faulkner 's narrative trademarks ( i.e. streaming conscious , first person perspective of low iq individuals , disorienting changes in first person narrative ) but i did n't feel the net effect really compared to say something like as i lay dying . i love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously . this results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books . more than human is slow , dated and not what i would describe as genre transcending nor would i recommend it to others . so the idea might of been original in the 50 's but topics like telekenesis , esp , computer-brain babies , and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before ( asimov ) and since . this book rarely set off that wow ! button in my head or kept me turning pages . this book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best . in 1953 there were 5 hugo award nominees for best science fiction book ( determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004 ) the retro hugo awards are fascinating because the voting ( in this example ) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society ca n't really be ignored . besides more than human , the far superior the caves of steel , childhood 's end , and farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi . needless to say , more than human did not win ( farenheit 451 did and rightfully so ) bottom line : i wanted to like this book and it does n't surprise me that others give it such high praise . these are probably people that do n't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests
11220: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book does n't even deserve a star . i just fell upon it , on a bookshelf with loads of old books in my house . i 'm nearly 17 years old , and perhaps this book is the kind that you appreciate as you get older , but honestly , i do n't see myself enjoying this book even in 20 years.. . i 've read so many reviews raving about how ' poetic , sensual , wonderful ' it is and what a talent the person is...sorry i do n't see it ! anyone can write a bunch of sex stories . i did n't see anything poetic in the writing...it was plain . as for sensual and arousing ? hardly . it was crude , and vulgar . it was sex , sex , sex.. . and presented harshly , with none of the sensuality , the sweetness , the gentle pleasure one likes to associate with sex.. . it was boring , repetitive , and i 'll admit disturbing . what was the point of the story where the hungarian whatever forced himself on his adolescent children ? or the raped little boy ? it was just weird . there 's just the sex , and no development of any points she may be trying to make . it 's kind of just left there...unfinished.. . unsatisfying . frankly , it was so distasteful ( vulgar ) , i was shocked . and i 'm not religious , puritan , conservative or any such thing...quite the opposite , i have an open mind . but this book left me cold
11224: real: pos ; predicted: neg
an absolute must have for all parents , families and professionals ! as a speech & amp ; language pathologist , i have worked with special needs children for 17 years , and finally i have viewed a high quality product for children diagnosed with down syndrome . informative , comprehensive and heart warming are just a few words to describe this excellent dvd . i would highly recommend it for not only families , but for all professionals working with this population . in fact , i believe it should be part of the training and curriculum for all disciplines intending to serve these wonderful children . thanks for a great product
11226: real: pos ; predicted: neg
that is what this film meant to me , looking at the kaleidiscope of life as it passes by , so sweet , so unsatisfying at times yet so perfect when the right person is there . this film is a poem to paris and the passing of youth , with the hope of recapturing that one love , which when found engraves itself so deeply that it is like a hinge in the mind , always present , always remembered , always desired . the two lovers meet , seemingly a lifetime away from when they met by chance on a train , and with instant rapport they tell eachother in the space of a few hours everything that happened since they met 10 years earlier . they see how much they meant to eachother , how much they still could , like two pieces of a puzzle that fit . this is a genuinely beautiful film , more mature than the last one , much sadder and in many ways better and more realistic . it opened that sense of mystery that i have known , in life and its surprises and potential in the luck of finding true intimacy . julie delphy is one of those rare women who gets more beautiful as she ages . she has become a sad person , stalled in relationships , though she is living up to her ideals . ethan hawke is struggling to grow with his success , in a down phase of his marriage and needing their friendship very badly . their relationship , so brief , rings totally true , in its humor , commitment , and occasional awkwardness . perhaps this is sentimental , but i think i have known love like this . it is an image more in my mind than the person perhaps , but our friendship is as deep as it was when we met nearly 35 years ago . some people simply pierce thru to the heart , earning a permanent place no matter who they later marry or what they become . it is an extraordinary sympathy for one another that is beyond sex ( well , maybe not too far beyond.. . ) . highest recommendation . this succeeds brilliantly at a snapshot in time , with an entire history implied behind it , like the greatest art . and i do think that the ending is ambiguous and must be interpreted , which is also so very much like real life
11229: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i carry a lot of tension in my neck and upper back , and as a result get a lot of headaches . i have been using the real-ease for about two months , and have found it very effective at releasing the tension in my neck and upper back and alleviating my headaches . i have not used it as a preventative - only when i already have a headache . if something happened to the one i have , i would definitely buy another
11230: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the quality is excellent ! use it to go out of the digital cable box strait into the computer . pinnacle software is easy to use and edit with and if you have a dvd burner , makes great menus . i have bought and returned well over 5 rca capture devices and this is by far the best . especially for $50 ! ! ! ! ! ! cant beat it
11237: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this dvd is awesome the only problem i have with it is its too short only 4 episodes .
11239: real: pos ; predicted: neg
wow what a great cd . i 'm a big music fan of alot of different types of music and i have to say that this is one of the best cds that came out in 2004. you ca n't go wrong with this one . a
11241: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm a huge don cheadle fan , but this film is unworthy of him . [people] who claim that it 's a story about racism either do n't understand the film or do n't understand racism . basically , here 's the plot : the character played by mekhi pfeiffer is an unwitting accomplice in a botched armed robbery that leaves three people dying on the floor of a grocery store . rather than summon help for the others , all pfeiffer can think to do is help himself to the money in the cash register . he is caught , and in the ensuing trial the prosecutor calls him an animal because of his depraved indifference to human life . that is supposed to be the psychological turning point in the film , because pfeiffer 's family insists on proving that he 's no animal and can take his punishment - - in this case , death - - with his head held high . yeah , right . guess what ? he is an animal , and if the story had involved all-black or all-white characters , racism would n't be an issue . a more compelling question : if pfeiffer 's family was so concerned with his " dignity , " why did n't they teach him moral values in the first place
11243: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this product based on my research of users opinions and found it has lived up to their high opinions . i have boxes of family photos as well as numerous camcorder tapes of family events . i wanted an easy comprehensive program that would let me arrange photos and video clips , add music and burn on a dvd . this program does it all and more . it may not do everything extremely well , but for the price , well enough to put out an impressive dvd . after about two hours of getting familiar with the program , i was able to create a dvd that had 35 pictures and a video clip with background music - stunning results . i played the dvd on several different brands of dvd players and had no problems . looks great on tv . i 've had no problems running the program on my computer - i 'm running this on a pentium iv 2.9 ghz , 1 gig ram and 200 gb ram hd . since i am a beginner / weekend hobbyist , this suites my purpose of sharing pictures with family - i 'm finding much better to share on dvd than paper photos . for an all-in-one package at this price , it does the job very well and i would recommend it .
11246: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am so pleased with this purchase ! ! under normal circumstances if i spend anything over $1.00 i get caught in a spiral of buyers regret . this is a feeling that i have grown accustomed to . when i received the 800 , 000 through the mail i shredded open the box and started skimming through what new images i could play with . i was astonished ! then , i realized something.....or rather a lack of something . i felt no remorse for buying this ! i finally had a collection of clip art that could provide an abundant amount of images for collages , labels , calendars , scrapbooks , and everything else i wanted to do .
11253: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i had the distinct pleasure of seeing richard jeni live a few years ago and i gotta tell you that i really almost peed my pants . he was astoundingly funny . this dvd definitely captures his comic genius , although it is woefully short compared to the amazing talent that he is and that he expressed in the huge amount of material he developed . it was incredibly sad to see that he took his own life which , from what i heard , was based at least in part on the fact that he was not able to get the gigs he used to get , which is itself really sad . he developed what i think is the best comedy , which is comedy that stings and bites because it reveals us human beings as full of weaknesses that are , ultimately , pretty stupid in the face of everything good in this world . he will be sorely missed in this world that needs more people to show us all the dumb things we do...and by doing so , how we should and can be a lot better than we are
11254: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a tough review to write because i felt the authors made a good effort in the writing of the book and explanations of the spring framework . writing a book is no small feat , and technical books are a special beast . with that last statement in mind , this is were the book sadly falls short . for one , the source code available online is a significant rewrite of the books ' code . the authors explain ( on the publisher site ) that this is because they learned better ways and techniques to implement the samlpe application after the book went to print . while improvement is always good , this presents two problems . 1. the sample application is now out of sync with the material . not a good thing for those trying to learn , as you require more effort to study in tandem with the book . also , and this is not to disparage the authors skill , but i buy books because i am expecting experienced , if not expert advice . if a small , sample application needs rewriting , perhaps they should write about something else ? further down this road , the sample application has errors that prevent it from compiling . i suspect that the final build file was not tested , or it was a case of " well , it compiles on my machine " . there were several dependencies that required changes to the build file so it could be compiled . thankfully , i use eclipse and imported the project . eclipse immediately informed me of missing dependencies , which i resolved by getting those jars on the build path and in the build file so they would be deployed in the war archive . examples are : jakarta-commons / collections , and several core spring jars relating to dao and database access . for an experienced developer , familiar with ant and a good ide , it was not a lot of trouble to get it running , it just did not give me a good impression . bonus info for anyone switching the database out to postgresql : first , no matter what db you swap in , you 'll need to change a few hard coded references in the build file . i made property variables which i placed in build.properties . then you will need to change the class user to something else ( and of course anything in the app that references it . ) . another great reason to use eclipse . why you must change it , is user is a reserved keyword in postgresql and you will get databases errors because you ca n't name a table user
11257: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've had this book since 1997 and i still refer to it for ideas . it has such a unique and diverse pictorial on each page by ' grand ' and ' credible ' photographers . for anyone who takes pictures...likes pictures...this book is a must get for you . i have it on my coffee table and i get rave comments on it all of the time about what a great book it is
11259: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it is great to be able to read all the avenger comics again . i read them as a kid , but did n't get to read the very beginning . i hope that they bring out more of the comic book characters on dvd . i will buy more
11267: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a wonderful item if or when it works . it prints the pictures beautifully if it works . the trouble is that after using it for a little while ( and i mean a little while ) it will quit feeding the paper in and the lights start blinking saying that you are out of paper and that you are out of ink . i have messed with it and messed with it , for some of you who have the same problems sometimes cleaning the feeder roller with rubbing alcohol will get it to work but this does n't work all the time . right now my printer wo n't work and i cleaned the roller and it is very aggravating as the paper and ink are n't cheap . i think it is cheaper going down to walmart and using their instant photo machine . this is not worth the money or the aggravation ! ! ! !
11269: real: pos ; predicted: neg
have had several norelco razors over the years . this is the closest shave i have ever gotten from any electric razor - and it is also the quietest . only comment is that it requires recharging more frequently that its claims but not enough of a problem to offset the quality of shave . highly recommend
11270: real: pos ; predicted: neg
also bought as a gift but i tried it ! very relaxing and much more affordable than the ones you see in the mall
11271: real: neg ; predicted: pos
no one questions lyrics born 's talent , which can be matched by few . his breakneck delivery will make you swear they sped him up in the studio , except then if you go see him do it live ( recommended : he is a charismatic performer ) you realize they didn't . the problem with this release is not , therefore , lyrics born himself . it 's just that there 's not enough interesting things happening around him . there are handful of standout songs on this record , but there is no excuse for it running as many tracks as it does . the skits remind me why i sometimes think the whole idea of skits on cds tired itself out in about 1997 , if not earlier . worse , the fillers sound similar to the hits but less memorable , making the whole album kind of drag , and the grooves , guitar licks and keys , all of which are good in small doses , become sort of flat after a time , especially when joyo velarde is n't singing backup vox . surely a few of the songs could have become b-sides on the single , or something , instead of bloating the album itself . do that there , rise and shine , and one session are my favorite tracks , the ones i would say go buy from the itunes store or something right now . there 's nothing wrong with the rest , i just do n't find myself listening to them much . i like the concept of later that day but it should probably take less time out of the day to listen to
11286: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i installed a wd 320g usb drive to use as a backup drive . i used the hd backup software to do auto backups . unfortunatly the software took controll of the entire drive and i could not use it as you would a normal drive ( drag n drop ) or access a particular file . i used partition magic to reclaim my usb drive and in the process i partitioned the drive . the drive now works as i want it to i have control ! partition magic was very easy to use and didi a perfect job .
11293: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this to display mpeg movies ( which it says it can ) . i was told by tech support that i had to use a divx encoder and that they must be avi ( which is also incorrect ) . the sanyo xacti video camera i was using was mpeg-4 ( the ipod accepts the files without issue ) , i tried converting them in quicktime to several different types of mpeg4 and none worked . there are better frames out there and i intend on finding out which one is the best . i have ordered another brand and will see if it works . this was by first product return on amazon .
11297: real: pos ; predicted: neg
onecare is not a tweaker 's friend . it has no knobs and gizmos for power users to tinker with . however , it does one thing right . it works . when you use it , you truly do have one care . do what it tells you to make it green . if you can do that , your computer is safe from viruses , hackers , malware , spyware , known security vulnerabilities , low disk space , slow disk access , and data that is not backed up . onecare takes a layered approach to keep you and your data safe . it has an inbound firewall to keep bad stuff out of your computer . if bad stuff gets through the firewall , it has antivirus to stop it from affecting your system and an outbound firewall to keep it from spreading . if that does n't stop the bad stuff , it makes sure you have a backup of your data on a separate drive or on cds . in the past , i have n't bought security products . there are plenty of free ones on the market that do a satisfactory job . however , ever since i tried onecare as a beta tester , i fell in love with it . it is simple to use . reduce your worries about being online down to onecare and try it today . you can even install it on other computers to help keep friends and family protected
11299: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this movie is one of my personal favorites and probably one of rob reiners best directionals masterpeices . he hit the time , the place and the kids perfectly . this movie appealed to me as these kids were such good friends and ive never had a relationship that they all share , i find that real friendship is something worth looking for and after about 10 billoin cases of friends becoming eneimies for me.. . this movie really pointed out to me that its the type of relationship and the way you fell with others that makes having frineds that best thing in the world . i can only hope that i can find friends as good as these kids someday . its a great movie and i 'd recommend it to anyone . you might have to look past the constant crying and deep emotions since it might seem a little fake but thats what this movie is all about... . growing up and not many kids these days are willing to share how they feel with each other which is n't as bad as it sounds . plus great script / dialog and a great tone and atomashperehope then rest of you have noticed that aswell . its also the only movie that made me realize that i wouldnt mind living in the 1950 's over this era .
11301: real: pos ; predicted: neg
few " metal " bands can successfully integrate melody into their music without falling back on the overused " power ballad " . tesla seems to be able to turn it on when needed , and shut it off when unnecessary . this debut from the sacramento quintet is full of enough speed to satisfy any metalhead , yet also contains enough substance to satisfy those who want more from their rock than double kicks and 140 on the metronome . the album starts off with a great rythym section groove , then growing and ripping into ez cum ez go , a song that takes the listener up and down more often than a valencia theme park ride . comin ' atcha live seems destined to be the song that the band opens their live shows with , falling back into the rif-filled melodic offering of " getting better " . then the pace swells again into " too late for love " , and thunders into the anthemic fist-pumping " rock me to the top " . " we 're no good together " may start like the dreaded power ballad as jeff keith laments about the proverbial one that got away , but screams to a conclusion through a profusion of lightning fast ( pun intended ) guitar solos . " modern day cowboy " is the token political anti-war statement , slows down a bit for " changes " but up next is one of their fans ' favorites . " little suzi " begins with a tasty acoustic piece , and progresses into the culmination of the bands ' melodic songwriting talents as they chronical the ups and downs ( pun intended ) of a young starlet discovering the high costs of fame . i 'm a little surprised at the way the album closes , though . after the huge highs through the middle of the album , the final three cuts are somewhat disappointing to me . do n't get me wrong , they 're still decent , but i would have liked these three shifted to the middle of the album and slid the rest towards the end - " little suzi " would have been a great way to end the album . overall , even though the band did a lot of great stuff ( including their biggest commercial success ) in later albums , this remains their best body of work
11307: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this book looks like it was written by someone who works in their own garage as a hobby . there is no real technical data in this book- - no hint of professionalism . the photos are black and white and most of the time they do n't really show what the book is talking about . there are no torque specs . little detail or warnings on how things are done . with the quality of this book , you 're better off saving the $30 and pulling the jeep apart yourself to see how it works
11309: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've only been using lightroom for a day , but i was pleasantly surprised with the photoshop integration . just hit cmd-e , and lightroom creates a copy of the photo ( with our without the changes you applied in lightroom ) for editing in photoshop format , and groups that copy in a stack with the original . as you save your changes in photoshop , the image is updated in lightroom . i felt that the workflow was very smooth .
11310: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this camera case fits the camera perfectly and the extra battery is a must . the price of the two items together is the same as the battery alone in local electronics stores . so , i look at it as getting the case for free !
11312: real: pos ; predicted: neg
hi , i 'm not a " review " person , but when i read the existing reviews , i felt like doing this . i used this product for 2 months and i must tell you that it really works ! i 'm hispanic-black woman ( dominican ) with relaxed fine hair and my hair grows normally , but only neck-chin lenght , no further than that . with this product i achieved a maximum growth rate and now my hair is leaving behind the accustomed lenght . i bought again the product to see how longer it can grows ! ! ! i 've been completely sincere with you...i 'm not a staffer of this product company , i 'm a real and very happy user ! ! ! hope this comment will be helpful for other women . i have only one last thing to say : try it ! ! ! ! it worked for me. .
11317: real: neg ; predicted: pos
first of all , let 's talk about the noise level on this thing . yikes ! that should be against some kind of consumer protection law . the blowdryer part is ok , but did n't like the brushes at all . i 'll go back to my conair stying brush and my straightener . live and learn
11318: real: pos ; predicted: neg
neil young 's latest release has some very clever and interesting songs . they are very political so unless you are a completest who likes neil young , if you agree with president bush , this album will be a turn-off . for the politically neutral or those who agree with neil young this is a good album . maybe this is not neil young 's best but it still is a good album
11320: real: pos ; predicted: neg
following up on the success of the chocolate chip cookie murder , this is the second volume in the hannah swenson murder mysteries . here again , we find hannah coping with the brutal minnesota winter when the unthinkable happens . hannah finds a body ! the local high school coach and secret wife beater is found dead face down in hannah 's strawberry shortcake . his wife certainly has a motive , but is she the real killer ? the police are inclined to think so , but hannah certainly does not . with the aide of her sister , andrea , she sets out to find the real killer . many suspenseful twists and turns follow as hannah and andrea proceed on their relentless mission to free an innocent woman . will they succeed and find the real killer ? only in the last few chapters will you find out the answer to this riddle . once again , author joanne fluke has surpassed herself with another excellent novel . the cozy and inviting atmosphere found in the first novel continues here against the backdrop of the cruel minnesota cold . many delicious recipes are included so you can share the experience right along with hannah and her friends . her strained relationship with her mother continues as her friendship with norman grows and her closeness to her sister andrea deepens . the novel keeps you in suspense right up until the very end providing an exhilarating mystery ride . this is a novel not to be missed . very highly recommended . smash
11321: real: pos ; predicted: neg
not as epically gorgeous as ' once upon a time in america ' , but still lovely . there 's a south american influence that lends a very fresh sound to the entire soundtrack . my favourite track is an ave maria- -in guarani . haunting . however , " gabriel 's oboe " is the theme that makes this score . being an oboist , it of course holds a particular appeal to me- -and the oboe performing the theme is really something to be aspired to
11322: real: neg ; predicted: pos
they changed pretty much everything . for starters they completely removed all of the normal menus such as file , tool , and edit . which means you ca n't use the keyboard for quick and easy menu access . well maybe you can , but you would have to memorize all of the commands instead of having the nice little visual cues which made previous versions of office ( and almost all other pc programs ) so much easier to use . you basically have to use the mouse for everything . and in my experience there is no faster way to repetitive stress injury than over-mousing . the ribbon is just awful . first of all it 's huge . it takes up about four times the space of my customized toolbar . they place nearly every button imaginable on it . and as far as i can tell you ca n't change it around or simplify it . every function is displayed all the time whether you need it or not . which makes finding anything a real pain in the neck . you can make the ribbon retract which at first glance seems nice . but in reality it turns what used to be simple 1-click operations into 3-click operations ( extend ribbon , spend several minutes searching for button , click button , retract ribbon ) . good grief ! what a pain . this software did n't last 24 hours on my system before i restored my old version of office . this new interface is about the most awful thing i 've ever seen on a computer . i know of certain free open source office suites that i prefer to this monstrosity . that being said i still prefer any and all previous versions of ms office to the free one . in fact i would rather be using my old wordperfect from 1995 than this *thing* that ms is trying to shove down our throats . if only i had n't thrown that disc away six years ago.. . before you " invest " your money in this software i strongly recommend you download the free trial version . then buy an earlier version
11323: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the mirror 's light is quite dim and the magnification ( 5x ) is inadequate for most purposes
11325: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this pad barely got warm . it 's going back ! since this is the same complaint as with another sunbeam model i tried , i suspect it is n't defective but intentional.. . probably for legal reasons . but should n't a heating pad actually have some heat to it ? ?
11326: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you wonder why you 're feeling lethargic or if you have one of those little abdominal paunches you thought was just advancing age , then you might need probiotic therapy . you might even need it if your resistance to colds is low ! because we live much " cleaner " lives than our ancestors did , sterilizing our dishes , putting our food in the fridge , and spraying pesticides on everything , we live our lives virtually bacteria-free . free of the good bacteria , that is . the baddies seem to still get us , and without the good ones to balance them out , we 're in trouble . a lack of friendly bacteria in your intestines can cause problems throughout your body . to put it in " nice " terms , it 's a little like having backed up plumbing inside you , and the world just ai n't gonna be right until you fix it . i started on probiotic therapy several months ago , and i was amazed at the following things that happened almost immediately : *that little stomach paunch went away . i kid you not . talk about an instant self-esteem booster . *my chronic [men , cover your ears] yeast infections decreased dramatically ( even without my eliminating wheat from my diet , which i know i ought to do ) . *i had more energy and felt more like the me of years ago . *i became more resistant to colds than i used to be . if you 're considering supplementing your diet with probiotics , you should know that not all of them are created equal . in fact , testing done by www.consumerlab.com indicates that the vast majority of probiotic supplements do n't deliver the number of live organisms they claim - - not even close ! those little creatures are very delicate , and things like processing , shipping , and sitting on your shelf can kill them . and let 's not even talk about what your stomach acid does to them . primal defense is one of the few supplements that delivers the amount of probiotics it claims to . ( i can tell from its effects on me . ) in addition , it contains lots of good-for-you green foods that also help build that all-important inner strength . one very important caveat about primal defense , though : because it 's so effective , do n't even think about starting out taking 3 tablets a day ! not unless you do n't mind a lot of abdominal discomfort and are able to spend several days all by yourself at home . i took one a day for about 2 months , and then i finally felt ready to move up to 2. it 'll be at least another month before i 'm up to the recommended 3. one more thing : drink lots of water . you need it anyway , and primal defense works best when you 're well hydrated
11327: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i watched this dvd in one of my classes and it left me feeling hoplessly hopeless ! i really dont know what to think about the whole presentation . the presence of chomsky makes it look reputable but who knows , he might have been taken out of context although it seemed not . if what they claim about corporations is true , then we are getting ready to implode in one way or another.i 'll keep away from political lines and just suggest that you watch it and decide.. . i had given it a rating of 3 but just changed it to 4. the material is more plausible than otherwise
11331: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i wo n't go into the movie itself , as other reviewers have done a more than adequate job of that . suffice to say that i have always enjoyed " cloak & dagger , " despite the hokiness of some of the scenes ( not to mention the laughable visuals at the end ) . this movie still rates at least 4 stars from me . however , amazon reviews are supposed to cover the entire product , and not just the movie itself . in two words : it stinks . no trailer . no subtitles . no scene selections . no extras of any kind . not even a menu . when you slide the disc in , the movie starts right up . when the movie finishes , it starts over again . if you press the " menu " button on your remote , nothing happens . personally , i 'd prefer it if after the movie finished , playback would stop and you 'd go to a scene selection menu . even a still image telling you the movie was over would be better than playback looping back forever . i suppose i should be glad universal even bothered to release this movie on dvd . it 's just disappointing that they obviously did n't put any thought or effort into it
11332: real: pos ; predicted: neg
carl hiaasen spins a tale of adventure and humor that should motivate young readers to protect wildlife and natural resources . hoot is set in the seaside town of coconut cove . the plot revolves around mother paula 's pancake house , a fictitious restaurant chain in florida about to build its 100th store on a parcel of land inhabited by families of burrowing owls . the developers know about the endangered owls and removed legal evidence of the owls from public records . unwary citizens applaud mother paula 's in coconut cove . the lone crusader for the owls is a boy nicknamed mullet fingers who lives in the backwoods dodging truant officers . he pulls up construction stakes and invents other nocturnal forays to stop development . mullet fingers enlists the help of his step sister , beatrice and new kid , roy . beatrice is a middle-school soccer queen who holds her own with the boys . roy is a level-headed kid who moves to coconut cove from montana , earning the dubious title of cowgirl . when you throw in a zany cop , a redneck construction boss , a sly businessman , a high school teacher willing to support kids acting for righteous causes and a bully whose attempts to squash roy you 've got a pretty good read !
11334: real: pos ; predicted: neg
all i have to say is 485 comics for 40 dollars . or about 40 years worth . that 's like a dollar a year . you do the math...it 's an amazing deal . also , quality is great and you can print them if you want
11336: real: pos ; predicted: neg
okay , take everything that you know about john squire . strip away the amazing stone roses first album , the not so amazing follow up , the nice brit pop of his work with the seahorses and picture this as a solo album from a new artist and i honestly think that peoples thoughts on this album would change drastically . they would realize that every track on it is a winner and that the guitar work is amazing and beautiful , the vocals might be grating at first ( think robert forster ( the go-betweens ) circa before hollywood ) but that upon repeated listens grows on you and you eventually end up loving . what you expect going into an album has alot to do with how much you like or dislike it and this album is no exception . people should listen to it for what it is and not for what john squire was...john squire is an established song writer who has moved beyond what he used to do ( who has n't moved on in 13 years ? minus robert smith of course ! ) and now writes beautiful pop songs...john squire has grown up just like his original audience has and this solo album is the perfect proof of that
11337: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i love the who , a big part of my youth , probably in my dna , but let 's not kid ourselves : this is professional rock and roll made by professional rock and rollers . is there any lyric here that pete has n't written before ? still writing about getting your first hit single ? ! and sadly the music sounds like face dances and all the best cowboys..etc , but not the who sell out or empty glass . the band itself sounds faceless , generic . the only redeeming features are the raspy passion in roger 's voice and pete 's right hand . i hope the complete album makes garbage of this review , but unless pete has written truthfully and passionately about something or anything of what his life and the world has been like in the last twenty years i 'm afraid , like wire & glass , it will only be a rehash of previous works , no matter how good it sounds . here 's hoping i 'm wrong
11339: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first time i put this workout dvd on , i expected to see exercises designed for abs , buns and thighs . what i actually saw was an easier version of the kickboxing dvd . i kept going , thinking it would get to the abs , buns and thighs , but it never did ! the other huge problem with this video is that half of it is filmed from the waist up , or headshots only , so when you are being introduced to a new step in the routine , you ca n't even learn it , because you cannot see the instructors legs or feet . also very irritating how there are interruptions in filming , picking up on a different beat to where it left off . all in all an awful purchase and not even worth the $4.86 paid . i turned it off halfway through the second workout and put billy blanks taebo on instead . much better ! ! !
11340: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i ca n't say i liked this cd . jessica simpson was good when she started , but as her popularity has grown , her talents have declined . she commited murder the day she recorded senatra 's song for " the dukes of hazard " movie
11345: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this replacement battery is half the cost of canon 's yet offers longer life . i bought it when i first got my sd10. when one battery runs out , the spare goes in . the lenmar still works great while the canon is near end life ! i am buying two more since they are so cheap ! do not buy no name batteries on ebay . they do not last worth a darn and are basically a waste of money ! do n't do it. .
11347: real: neg ; predicted: pos
not worthy of the firm name , this workout was repetitive , boring and does n't belong in a firm lineup . if you 're a true firm believer and love the originals , do n't waste your time with this one , it will only disappoint
11348: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought the 4600 for my parents in 2005. a seal in the lens housing broke in november and we sent it to nikon . when nikon recieved the camera they said it had " liquid " damage to the lens shutter area . my parents did n't send the camera in that condition , yet nikon claims that it is " impossible " for that kind of " accident " to occur at their facility . two months later i am still arguing with them over this . one of their service represatives , rob mustard , told me ( paraphrasing ) " i have 70 service orders in front of me and our facility gets hundreds of repairs each week ; i 've heard every excuse imaginable for why it is n't the customer 's fault . " besides being rude , does n't that scare you about his facility getting in hundreds of repairs each week ? ? ? ? do n't buy nikon is my recommendation .
11349: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is such a great book i have boughten copeys for all my childern
11350: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i am a jew living in a college town in mississippi for the past 5 years . i was born & raised in the north . i think evans should rename his book " fiddler on the roof in the south " . his book is a very nostalgic look back at jewish history - as it was in the past here . it 's very much : the southern jews were all so happy , they all fit in and were accepted , etc. he does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us ' yankee jews ' , like the instances when a few ( yankee ) rabbis in the south fought for civil rights . evans should realize that times have really changed here ! the evangelical christians in my town ( which is most people here ) harrass me like crazy - ' i am praying for you ! ' ' have you read the words of jesus , who was a jew like you ? ' ' when will you come to my church' . blah , blah , blah . thank god for the minority of catholics , methodists , presbyterians and a few others who live here . they are the only ones to accept me for the way i am , and the way i will stay - a jew . i want all who are reading this to realize that i am only speaking for my experience . jews who reside in cities in the south have told me that they have had far better experiences , and that they cannot relate to what i am saying . but i do want to ask evans a few questions : 1 ) if things are so great for the jews in the south : why have you lived in new york for decades now ? ? ? 2 ) why do n't you at least write either a new forward to the book , a magazine article , etc. , contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of jews in the south have changed over time ( for some of us at least ) , primarily due to the rise of the evangelical christians ? i read evans ' books before i moved here , and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here . for a jew who really cares about her / his religion living here is depressing ; it is practically jew-less ; and , at best , the majority of a certain denomination of christians here ignore me . ( by the way , i am planning to move to a city ! ) by the way , do n't bother writing to me to tell me that i am " wrong " , or to invite me to things like the bible study at your church . believe me , with all the praying for me that is going on in this town , and all the myriad attempts to convert me , if it has n't happened by now , as they say in these parts , it just ai n't gonna happen
11356: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the individual packaging is nice but the floss breaks frequently nexcessitating more than one to floss your teath . the glide products are much nicer
11359: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this story is very dark , full of menace and dark thoughts . not great for kids . ok for adults if that 's what you like . a hard story , not much gentleness in it except for a couple of moments
11360: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this music is a rip off . all is borrowed to the 4 first albums of marc bolan playing under the name of tyranosaurus rex . something more bluesy here and there but nothing allowing to give any credit to this guy . a shame
11363: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i never received this item - - nor could i get a response from the company when i asked about it . my opinion - - rip off
11366: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was fourteen years old when i attended the new york premier of this movie at the rivoli theater . i have the original premier book from the theater ; which is not for sale . i immediately fell in love with the beautiful ingrid bergman . so did millions of other young men . this movie did not win the award of the year ; it was overshadowed by " casablanca " ; which in my estimation , was of inferior quality , compared to for whom the bell tolls . bob richard
11367: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a really nice compact camera from canon . the picture quality is excellent . i have tried some night / day shots and the pictures are great . the zoom is the pretty much non existant at 3x however that depends on what you use the camera for . the build quality is excellent and i really love the 3 " display . i find the ipod like controls very convenient too though it takes some practice to get used to it . the camera is very compact but i never had problems to get a good grip and a steady hand . the images have excellent true color and are indeed sharp . i would definetely recommend an accessory kit for this camera which includes a nice small leather case and an extra original canon battery and its available on amazon . the accessory kit turns out to be cheaper than buying the individual components and its contains original canon parts especially the extra battery . also get a sd card with large enough memory . what comes with the camera ( 32mb ) is really a waste . still do n't understand why these camera manufactures throw in such a small memory card . but overall a great easy to use and a smart looking camera that produces wonderful results
11368: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was unable to play in my car cd player , so only choice i got is to listen at home using my home dvd player .
11369: real: pos ; predicted: neg
forget the nit-picky comments you may read here , if you are a fan of any of the artists on this album , buy it ! the recording is of very high quality , and i agree with another review , vacuum tube amplification makes the vocals even better . the banter between the artists in between the musical numbers is a real treat for fans too young to experience these shows live . one other observation , if you buy this not having a huge appreciation for sammy already , you will be blown away by his talent . ..thanks to sinatra family for releasing this disc . hopefully many more are forthcoming
11372: real: neg ; predicted: pos
...and im happy about it ! i think i might cry if'n it shows up again . fareals . if albums where 3 dimensional this wouldn e'en make the c-side ! i love me some roy , but bruh hurt me with this one . i forgive him tho , cause he done gave me much much pleasure up til now.. . ...um , hope that came out right . *pimp struts off stage / pounds chest with gorilla fist / machismo free flowing* m'out yall , peace !
11373: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this razor is the best i have ever shaved with . it copes with every length of hair and angle of growth whether i shave every day , every other day , or even every third day . perfect
11374: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm probably going to invest in a re-order of this dvd collection , because i simply have worn this one out . from the " they call it pro football " opening to final gun of super bowl x , this collection grips your attention and never lets go . the writing is superb - i especially like nfl 68 ' - and the highlights.. . well , it was when pro football was pro football . it was interesting watching teams endure psychological hardships , as was the case with the dallas cowboys of the late 60's - early 70's . " next year 's champions " were the epitome of resiliency . " the championship chase " was a pure joy to view . if ever there was a peak in john facenda 's narrative career with nfl films , this was it ; though in the alternative , i loved his voice-overs in super bowls iii , iv , vii , and ix . ed and steve sabol really hit the bulleye with blair motion pictures . i would have loved to see more afl highlights , but that 's just nit-picking . great job ! ! !
11375: real: pos ; predicted: neg
we got this camcorder for our daughter for her birthday and she loves it ! her only problem with it is that a memory card is needed because there is n't as much space as she would like and alot of light is needed to film . we were aware of both of these complaints when we purchased it but we were certain that she could work around them . we were also aware of the battery problem , so she got rechargeable batteries . awesome little camcorder , especially for the price
11377: real: pos ; predicted: neg
stiff upper lip is a good ac / dc album , it 's not a great ac / dc album . it kills me when people say that ac / dc have sounded the same since 1973 on every album they have done . nothing could be further from the truth . i have always thought that each ac / dc album has a sound and a feel and a story in it 's own and that a track off each album would be totally out of place on another album . for instance , can you image shake a leg on stiff upper lip ? or ballbreaker on back in black ? it does n't work . stiff upper lip has its own kind of rough , bluesy feel to it . brian 's voice sounds different , the tones and the guitars sound different . it 's good but not great . the standouts.. . 1. stiff upper lip - pretty rocking song . has a good attitude . it 's fun . 2. hold me back and ca n't stand still . very odd rolling songs . they sound a lot alike . again , these songs could never have been on back in black . i have heard that brian sang ca n't stand still in one take , that 's why they all clap at the end . i do n't know if that 's true , but it 's an interesting song . 3. satellite blues - this one is an instant classic . i love this song . this song could have been done back in the days of back in black and if it were on that album i think it would be as popular as you shook me all night long . everything else is ho hum . not good , not bad . better than most bands out there . i am really hoping ac / dc put out a killer album with their new release , whenever that is . i hope they do n't turn into the new g&r and suffer from the chinese democracy syndrome
11379: real: pos ; predicted: neg
seem 's to work very well cost was acceptable not a resource ho
11381: real: neg ; predicted: pos
one of my guilty pleasures is to review science fiction movies over and over again...maybe i 'm hoping the movie will get better with time . unfortunately " judge dredd " does not ! i 'm a science fiction fan that can be suckered by mediocre cgi , an action hero star , a comic relief , and a beautiful love interest but please do n't mess with the storyline . maybe thiis is the case for " future shock " and too much information was being given out but all in all science fiction deals with the person 's humanity and " dredd " forces it down our throats too fast and too sugary....in fact , i feel two stars is gviing this movie too much !
11385: real: neg ; predicted: pos
found the registration number difficult to read . had to have customer service tell me that they run into this all the time ! the i 's look like 1's . tried it again ! i got it to load . my computer slowed down significantly ! certain sites i could not access anymore without re-configuring the software . i have used norton . mcaffee or whatever , and other suite type security software . this one was the worst . i would not recommend it . i got a well deserved refund
11388: real: neg ; predicted: pos
periodically throughout eric clapton 's solo career , his music mellows out to such an extent that it barely resembles rock ' n ' roll . his self-titled debut got his solo career off to an unimpressive start , and his most recent offering , & quot ; reptile , & quot ; makes adult contemporary sound exciting . a similar weak period occurred in the late 1970s through the early 1980s , with & quot ; backless , & quot ; & quot ; another ticket , & quot ; and & quot ; money & amp ; cigarrettes&quot ; all competing for title of clapton 's most forgetable album . the country is mellow , the blues are mellow , and even the rockers are mellow . this is easy listening for classic rock fans
11392: real: pos ; predicted: neg
definitely a wonderful book . for those following the teachings of the other books , this book provides more useful information . the path that castaneda elucidated is fraught with controvery and extreme views ( read the other reviews ) . i found it useful to read and judge for myself . what castaneda wrote about is not fiction however it is a difficult path that very few ever advance upon , thus the angry reviews of those calling castaneda a fraud due to their own failure . its also a path that those given to fantasy and believing in their own ' specialness ' jump on and thus follow blindly with no lasting gains , making up their experience as they go and making sure others hear about it . definitely not a path for everyone but certainly open to sober verification . also a great book for those looking for a well written and gripping book . i believe castaneda 's genius as well as his contribution to mankind is yet to be fully appreciated . i am grateful for the gift of his writings and wisdom
11396: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've used omnipage 12 and 14 and got the latest version to convert an out of print book to a text pdf . nothing really fancy , two column text mostly w pictures and captions plus 3 tables . using this software was a nightmare . the ocr worked better than the previous version but it showed mixed fonts on the page ( two column text w a title about 1 / 3 down and above the text ) . no problem i thought , i 'll just use the wysiwyg ( what you see if what you get ) text editor to fix this..it looks very nice w some good features . well , wysiyg is more like wysiwydon'tget . i 'd fix the fonts , save the file , open it in adobe reader and find that omnipage had made some startling changes in the fonts / size and the titles . i tried for 3 hrs to get a simple table of contents page w just a title and 8 lines ( each w text followed by a page number ) ...no go . plus the wysiwyg editor would sometimes inexplicably throw me into ' replace text ' mode while i was trying to insert text and i could n't get out . in frustration i used a friends machine w abby finereader 7.0 pro...what a welcome change . ocr was at least as fast and accurate and the editor , while not as feature laden as omnipages , actually worked ! i did in 6 hrs what i 'd been trying for well over 12 to do in omnipage..and that was w / o going thru any of the tutorial info..just loaded it and started . i 'm buying abby for my next project , they 've upgraded to 8.0 and i 'll bet it 's editor delivers what omnipage only promises . i would n't recommend omnipage 15 pro to anyone
11397: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what is remarkable about this onetime best-selling book - - which could well be described as a coming-of-age-without-coming-of-age novel - - is not that fitzgerald produced it when he was all of 24. nope , the amazing thing here is that the same writer produced " the great gatsby " a mere five years later . " this side of paradise " is a mess : it is as uneven , affected , feebly pretentious and relentlessly immature as its hero , the tiresomely self-conscious young minnesotan-gone-to-princeton amory blaine . ( one suspects , in fact , that had fitzgerald abandoned his muddled third-person narrative altogether and rendered the work instead as amory 's diary the result would have been considerably more readable - - or the book 's structural and methodological flaws considerably more forgivable , at least . ) that the novel was a roaring success upon publication in 1920 - - it was to prove the most popular book , in terms of sales , ever produced by its author - - presumably speaks to the public 's recognition of something new and revealing in it . okay , amory blaine may well have been the original jazz age prototype ; and the drinking and shameless smooching ( etc. ) that he and his prep school and princeton friends indulge in at various points in the novel were probably , one can accept , a revelation to see in print ( and likely a titillating one ) for an american audience raised on mcguffy 's readers - - and ready for some sort of great departure after the great war . welp , here it comes : " on the triangle trip amory had come into constant contact with that great current american phenomenon , the ` petting party . ' none of the victorian mothers-and most of the mothers were victorian-had any idea how casually their daughters were accustomed to be kissed . " to the reader at a remove of some 80-plus years this is , of course , very small beer . what was alarming frankness in 1920 tends to read now , in the best cases of the paradise narrative , as unalarming quaintness . while this is not exactly fitzgerald 's " fault " , so to speak , it is also true that the use of " shocking revelations " of this type - - scandals specific to a place and time - - represents a risk a writer takes : the march of history may or may not reveal something lasting and / or universal in such episodes . in any event , the price the reader pays here , in slogging through the meandering narrative which surrounds amory 's adventures in quaintness during the nascent roaring twenties , is very , very high for payoffs of such modest proportions . i mean , come on : " for years afterward when amory thought of eleanor he seemed still to hear the wind sobbing around him and sending little chills into the places beside his heart . the night when they rode up the slope and watched the cold moon float through the clouds , he lost a further part of him that nothing could restore ; and when he lost it he also lost the power of regretting it . eleanor was , say , the last time evil crept close to amory under the mask of beauty , the last weird mystery that held him with wild fascination and pounded his soul to flakes . " yikes . i do n't care what new generation you 're talking about , can a flake-pounded soul really represent much of an innovation to anybody ? ( can it represent anything to anybody ? ) there are things to like , even admire , here and there in paradise . fitzgerald gets off a few of the wonderfully epigrammatic lines that were to become a trademark ( e.g. , " they slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered . " " sometimes i wish i 'd been an englishman ; american life is so damned dumb and stupid and healthy . " " it 's better to leave the blustering and tremulo-heroism to the middle classes ; they do it so much better . " ) and the political incorrectness of some of the narrator 's observations is , in its now-curious way , refreshingly , bracingly funny : " slowly and inevitably , yet with a sudden surge at the last , while amory talked and dreamed [which is about all amory ever does-mht] , war rolled swiftly up the beach and washed the sands where princeton played . every night the gymnasium echoed as platoon after platoon swept over the floor and shuffled out the basketball markings . when amory went to washington the next weekend , he caught some of the spirit of crisis which changed to repulsion in the pullman car coming back , for the berths across from him were occupied by stinking aliens-greeks , he guessed , or russians . " nothing like a little wretched refuse to remind you there 's a war on , i always say . anyway , most of the novel consists of young amory 's elaborate ponderings - - romantic , philosophical and egotistical - - which are as forgivable as they are forgettable . i 've forgotten them already . at some level , in any case , fitzgerald himself had to recognize the ridiculousness of this pompous character - - who was , of course , a not-very-disguised version of himself . for how else , if not as commendably self-deprecating irony , are we to take this observation ? " amory was in full stride , confident , nervous , and jubilant . scurrying back to minneapolis to see a girl he had known as a child seemed the interesting and romantic thing to do , so without compunction he wired his mother not to expect him , and sat in the train and thought about himself for thirty-six hours . " in the end , in any event , one comes back to the initial fitzgerald vs. fitzgerald comparison with something like gaping wonder . in paradise almost nothing works : form , content , narrative stance , dialogue , character development , pacing - - you name it , it 's a problem . yet in gatsby , five years later , everything works - - everything . if there is to be a great american novel , it will have to supplant gatsby for the honor . while it is hard to see how fitzgerald got from point a to point b , the fact is that he did - - and without point a the journey could not have begun . so while " this side of paradise " hardly deserves a place in the national literary canon , it surely deserves our respect , and indeed our gratitude , for what it led to .
11401: real: neg ; predicted: pos
just bought a sony t9 in tokyo last april 10 , 2006 ( 7 months ago ) . and suddenly 2 weeks ago , the screen went dim practically can not see anything . the power on / off also not working . all happened at the same time . try to repair at sony service station in shanghai as i am residing there for the moment . very indifferent customer service staff refuse to repair , despite that i do have a world wide guarantee card and the receipt from the tokyo shop as well as the complete boxes . the sony people there are really not helpful at all . most probably we suspect , they do n't want to shoulder the cost for repairing under guarantee from sony worldwide . it is shameful for such a big name like sony . definitely , i will not buy again from sony . change to olympus for the replacement and also cancel my bravia lcd purchase . i do not recommend buying goods from sony as you might have the same experiences ( poor hardware quality and services )
11402: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great bag . it fits the camera perfectly and has room for all of the accessories as well . i 'm very pleased and was happy that amazon carries the item as we could not locate it anywhere else
11403: real: neg ; predicted: pos
undoubtedly the worst ' best of ' dvd ever made , even if someone gives this dvd as a gift you should punch that person in the face...after watching this dvd i felt like burning down the company that made this dvd . if you want to play a practical joke on someone then might as well give this dvd to him as a gift . there might be emotional reasons why there were some positive reviews of this horror , but it ca n't be for the actual dvd . there are n't words to describe how bad it looks and sounds . shame on the band for putting this out . obviously all them cares about is getting the money and run with a ' best of ' on dvd . this item should be removed from the shelves for poor quality in picture . my taped videos on vhs from mtv and vh1 sound and look better than these ones , really . this essay in amatuerism may have some interest . for worse , is unforgivable is not including the whole video stuff from 90 's to 2000. ' love is blindness ' , ' walk on ' , ' elevation ' and several alternative videos were edited out . did n't they have another filmed version of ' gone ' ? . mexico city 1997 was just a below average performance . shame on u2 for keep going with ' gone ' from that bad shaped bono 's rough night . i still dont understand why we must to keep watching the same footage for a particular song . im talking about ' until the end of the world' . in case you dont know , theres an actual video clip from that song . rather , they just put the well known sidney 1993 version here . rumors say they 're going to release a dvd boxset by late this year . i really do n't want ' remastered ' versions of shows we 've been watching for even 22 years . rather , i 'm fond of watching previously unreleased footage . just in case , here 's a list of several unreleased pro-shot filmed concerts from early 80 's to pop mart tour ( i did n't include elevation because there 're 2 dvd 's out there from the same tour ) . cheers 1 - belfast 23-01-1981 ( awesome concert ! ) 2 - berlin 04-11-1981 ( great goncert ) 3 - new york 22-11-1981 ( good concert ) 4 - hattem 14-05-1982 ( awesome concert ! ) 5 - roskilde 02-07-1982 ( awesome concert ! ) 6 - devore 03-05-1983 ( great concert ) 7 - st. goarshausen 20-08-1983 ( awesome concert ! ) 8 - dortmund 21-11-1984 ( awesome concert ! ) 9 - montreal 27-03-1985 ( great concert ) 10-los angeles 18-11-1987 ( awesome concert ! ) 11-dublin 31-12-1989 ( awesome concert ! ) 12-stockholm 11-06-1992 ( awesome concert ! ) 13-washington 16-08-1992 ( great concert ) 14-anaheim 14-11-1992 ( awesome concert ! ) 15-dublin 28-08-1993 ( awesome concert ! ) 16-adelaide 16-11-1993 ( great concert ) 17-rotterdam 18-07-1997 ( awesome concert ! ) 18-sao baulo 31-01-1998 ( great concert ) 19-santiago 11-02-1998 ( awesome concert ! ) what the hell are u2 waiting for ?
11406: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i have to admit that even though i am a big fan of diesel boy , this cd was very boring . the beats are too similar on every track , and the cd as a whole just has no & quot ; feeling&quot ; to it . if you want to hear him at his best , by 97 octane
11410: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the topic of this book is very interesting : espionage in the revolutionary war . unfortunately , " washington 's spies " goes into so much nit-picking detail that , as the cliche goes , you ca n't see the forest for the trees . to really get anything out of this book , you 'd have to be a *very* dedicated revolutionary war buff . it did n't have much appeal at all to me as a general reader .
11412: real: neg ; predicted: pos
so this is the winner of plop idol from the u.k then . well they do n't come prettier than this from scotland i guess , that 's for sure . as far as the music is concerned , avoid ! it 's nothing but a calchony of crap . perhaps michelle should stick at something she is good at - eating chips and mars bars
11416: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this took and then found that it was just a reprint from several decades ag
11421: real: neg ; predicted: pos
pros : it 's really cheap , and has a lot of features ( set stride length , calories , clock , backlight , protective door ) con : the door is really , incredibly , intolerably hard to open . i was adding a dozen steps to the readout just trying to get the door open . i tried to trim the plastic tab , but i took too much off , now the door flops open . it was useless the way it came from the factory , now i broke it and ca n't use it at all without a rubber band to keep it closed . also , i was never able to get a very accurate step-count . i would count 100 steps and usually get 65-90 steps on the readout , though i 'm not really sure because i had to shake the thing for a minute or two just to get the door open . for the price , i think this would be a great deal for someone with the patience to work with it
11422: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this fantastic re-imagining of the avengers is best consumed in this form . yes there are too many pop culture references , yes the hulk is a little goofy and the ultimate nick fury has virtually nothing in common with his regular universe counterpart but i think once your done with this gigantic , thirteen issue epic powerhouse you wont have much left to complain about . this story arc takes the alternate universe avengers from their creation to their first major victory , ill let someone else spoil it for you but its good . the second volume is juuuust about complete as of november 2006 and is pretty amazing as well . this is the best that the ultimate universe has to offer , is one of the few titles exploring fairly original ideas and has not been reworked specifically to appeal to teenagers , no inline skates , teen angst , or first love in this one . millar and hitch are a great creative team but their ability to make deadlines is positively absurd . these thirteen issues took the better part of three years to be released and i read every one of those issues as it was released on the news stand . my wife got her msw in the time it took the skrull war to unfold , it sucked and the new series isnt much better . thankfully it has only one issue to go , hopefully well get it before theres a new president in the whitehouse . removed from the delays the series is a pretty impressive achievement , the art is top notch and the story is positively crackin ! yes it 's " just " a super hero comic but its one of the best , so if you like the medium and are lucky enough not to have read it yet do yourself a favor and check it out , and keep an eye out for the second series hardcover
11425: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm 9 years old and play this game frequently . i love to play it . it 's not frustrating at all and it 's totally exciting with many adorable animals . i did n't like her wardrobe in the beginning but then i bought a dresser and changed her outfit . the pigs are fun to treat ! ! ! ! ! they 're smart ! ! the rabbits are soft and adorable ; having my favorite animal being rabbits . i play this game for at least a half an hour a day and ca n't wait for the next time playing it ! ! ! ! get this game and try it out ! ! it 's the best !
11426: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after watching spirited away i was excited to watch other movies by the same director . unfortunately every movie seems to be an excuse to preach his simplistic " it 's bad to hate " message . what the creators of princess mononoke and others like them refuse to admit is that hate is a natural reaction and even healthy when directed towards the destructive , disgusting things of the world . yes , hate can become overly consuming , just as any other emotion can overcome us , or we an hate the good things of the world making us the bad one 's , ( just as loving that which is evil would n't be a good thing ) but placed in its proper context at the proper time , at that which deserves hate helps us avoid dangers and deal with certain problems . and the people who claim that hate is all-evil themselves hate the " haters " , which i find comical . the movie also has strong pro feminist / anti man messages . i wanted to like this film but i do n't appreciate being duped into listening to people rant and rave about nonsense
11427: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i needed a document management system . after looking for software , there only appeared to be paperport . i had read somewhere that the software becomes incredibly slow with a large number of files . i guessed a large number meant 2500+ at least . this concerned me , so i called pre-sales at scansoft , and asked if it was slow with a large number of files . he was not sure ! so he told me to call technical . i called technical , and it his responses were very slow and sounded like he was reading them out to me . i asked if he was reading the scansoft website and he said yes , so i hung up . obviously i read their site for an answer , and did not need to be paying international call charge for someone who seemed less knowledgeable than myself to read it . i got the software . basically all the software consists of is windows explorer and scanning software . it worked well , and i thought ok , expensive for what it is , when windows explorer and scanning software ( usually free ) would nearly do most of it , but then after around 560 pdfs , it started running very slow . i thought it was my machine so installed it and the pdfs on a new vaio 1.7mhz , 1 gig laptop . same problem . if you click to view the pdf then hit the return back , it takes 12 seconds ! so if you view a document , it takes a good few seconds but then when you hit back to the paperport desktop to continue it takes 12 seconds ! ! ! completely unusuable ! if you have less than 500 files , it is maybe expensive software , but for more than 500 do not waste you money . it runs so slow you can not use it . i wonder how scansoft get away with it - surely they should have tested it internally with thousands of files
11430: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've seen and heard sheryl live when she 's not surrounded by rock and roll dinosaurs . she 's great - she 's hip , self-assured and kicks butt ! but here , she tells the audience in " leaving las vegas " : " i 'm playing central park tonight.. . but i have some friends coming up so can you be patient...please ? for lil ' ol ' me ? be very patient... . " almost begging the audience not to walk out while she 's singing solo . it 's almost as if she knows that the audience will have to suffer her solo attempts until the " friends " arrive . the irony is that sheryl solo is the best part of the album . with the others on board , we ca n't see what sheryl can do , and those familiar with her know that sheryl is capable of a lot . she 's overwhelmed by keith richard , stevie nicks , eric clapton , chrissie hynde and by including so many rock gods she herself is diminished in importance and stature . her songs " it do n't hurt " and " there goes the neighborhood " stand out on the album showing that sheryl can rock harder and better than any of her " friends . " too bad she did n't include " am i getting through " - - the part 2 of that was a great rock moment . natalie maines ' grating voice ( like fingernails on a chalkboard ) completely ruin " strong enough . " chrissie sounds like a zombie on " if it makes you happy " , sarah mclaughlin is so hopelessly unhip and white-bread in her lilith-fair mode that she adds nothing to " a difficult kind " ...in fact , by the end of the song sarah seems to disappear from the song as sheryl belts it to the end . that 's sheryl 's song and should remain so , tombstone blues stands out for its guitar work and the best part of " all i wanna do " is the new york audience . happy , white room and gold dust woman are three classic rock standards , so overplayed that anyone who grew up to 70 's fm aor radio has heard them ad nauseaum . problem here is that nothing new is added to them , they sound like karaoke versions . despite sheryl 's plea for patience , i was bored with the old-timers.they did n't bring sheryl 's career forward , only backwards
11432: real: pos ; predicted: neg
version 6 seemed to go off the track by changing many users ' favorite features , like form ordering along with how unattractive bookmarks had become . more than anything , version 7 increases one 's ability to collaborate securely , providing complete control over your document , who can open , print , or even comment on it . but version 7 is more of a fix than a major upgrade , as it cures many of the ills of the previous version . best of all , adobe has kept the price the same . very nice
11434: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i like this camera . some settings take it beyond the standard point and shoot experience . for a first-timer , it has been great . the camera rates 4 stars . customer service , on the other hand , has been a disaster . an easy share software downloaded update did n't load properly and led me on a trail of three customer service reps over the course of 4 1 / 2 hours with no resolution . after requesting to speak to a customer service manager , i was promised that a $7.95 cd of the software would be sent for free ( though it was clear he was doing me a favor because " these cd 's cost money and do n't grow on trees , " he said . whether or not the cd solves the problem remains to be seen . but customer service is awful . to recap : nice camera , but unless you have endless customer service patience , search out other options
11436: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 'm going to have to disagree with the majority of the reviews on this movie . i have seen plenty of russian films , and many of them have been slow and entirely reliant upon the emotional component . mikhalkov , for example , is a director who can do this . this movie suffers from pretentious screenwriting , and a lack of underlying meaning or moral lesson . although the acting is n't necessarily bad , you do n't get attached to the characters . i got the feeling that the cinematography and the colors did n't match the movie 's theme and plot . at times it got so boring that i wanted to stop watching , even though i never do that . anyway , i do not recommend this movie . if you want to watch some good russian movies , go with " brother " , " burnt by the sun " , " prisoner of the mountains " , " war " , or " unfinished piece for the mechanical piano
11437: real: pos ; predicted: neg
unbelievably and indubitably a bona fide , and fortified roots reggae album ! if you do n't have firehouse rock in your cd collection and you consider yourself a reggae fan , you may need to re-evaluate what you think you know about jamaican music . the roots radics , especially the rythym section , utilize ( with supreme efficacy , i might add ) and epitomize the manipulation of space and time so often associated with reggae " riddims . " on top of the radics , the wailing souls add ethereal vocals , while staying masterfully conscious . firehouse rock is a beautifully recorded piece of audible jamaican history and an absolute must have
11443: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this effort shows it 's age . in addition , there is a uncomfortable tone in the narration that smacks of a reliance on a pseudo-scientific method somewhat reminiscent of mengele . i suppose it 's possible for it to be taken as tongue-in-cheek by those at the post-graduate level of study at the cheech and chong school of anthropology . however , i have to admit i was unable to prevent myself from throwing this one in the trash after one viewing
11445: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i thought this would be a good product for my computer . i did n't know that the only way to receive this product is over the internet via download . during the process the prompts for the internet download ask you to remove ( uninstall / delete ) all of your known antivirus , spyware , and firewalls from your computer prior to install . this leaves your computer susceptible when you receive an error message . i received an error message that prevented me from completing the download . i purchased the software on aug 3 and called customer support , they researched the problem and even took remote access of my computer to try and fix the issue . they were unable to do so and then passed me to the second level of computer technicans . microsoft guards its secrets well and has varying levels of technical support , those that know the basics and those that know more . they asked me to set up a time span when i would like to receive a call from the " teir ii " agents , i chose 6-9pm . i received several calls over the next two weeks , all of them were outside of the specified time . i missed several of them because i have a career and a life . when i finally spoke with an agent they again took over remote access of my computer and were also unable to solve the issue . here it was , two weeks after i purchased the software , i still did not have what i needed . i was also unable to surf the web because the download process requires you to delete all antivirus and firewall software . i called in several times druing the ordeal and the " teir i " agents just told me that i have to wait for the call , " they 'll get to it when they get to it . " i was very upset with the customer support , i have no idea how the product is , but the customer support is just horrible . go to the windows live onecare home page and search for the " post your own thoughts " page through member accounts , you 'll see that i 'm not alone in this issue . i have since purchased other software that cover what microsoft says it will with onecare . i did not have one problem with these installs . please be aware that you might have to purchase technical support if you cannot download due to a problem with your operating system ( seperate from onecare ) . this costs an additional $35 ontop of the cost for onecare
11448: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great compilation of songs from massive attack , all of their singles plus new never release songs . the videos are great and their new single ' live with me ' is a great song ( very sad video though ) . includes new version / remix of ' i want you ' with madonna . the combo is great you can own all of the videos , is a lot of fun to see the videos from blue lines until 100th window from the 90s all the way to the new single , the changes in the way they used to make music videos . there 's even the first video with tricky ) . a must have for any massive attach fan , and if you never heard from this band , you get the best of the best with this cds / dvd . massive attack is a band that had influenced a lot of artist from bjork , tricky , madonna , morcheeba , portishead , unkle , etc.
11452: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i found this razor as the same as the other ones . do n't let them lie to you when you heard that this is the best one . the only cool part about it is that it has a small razor in the back that help the delicate areas like under the nose , et
11454: real: neg ; predicted: pos
sean " puffy " combs , puffy daddy , sean john , p diddy or diddy . when he figures out what he wants to be called is when i figure out if i like him . meanwhile , there still is n't one good dvd set for star wars .
11455: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i own a swiffer wet jet , and i am sorry i wasted my money . i do n't know how effective this is on other surfaces , but i use it for my brazilian chestnut hardwood floors . along with the cleaning solution that swiffer markets for hardwood . i use this product exactly as instructed and my beautiful hardwood floors costing over $40 , 000 come up with smears and smudges like you would n't believe . i realize that this is a cheap quick fix for dirty floors , but when you add in the fact that you contnually have to buy pads and cleaning solutions , it really is n't all that inexpensive the only thing this product has gong for it is it 's convienence , and technically , since i have to go over all of the floors again after using it to get rid of the smears and smudges , it really is n't that convienient either . so really this product is a big dud for hardwood floors at least .
11457: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great pda bible for many reasons , several of which are already mentioned in other reviews . it is easy to use , has most of the niv study bible notes and crossreferences , comes with a multi color highlighter ( great for using different colors for different purposes...red for commands , blue for promises , etc. ) , you can change the font for easier reading , and it has a great search engine in case you want all of the references to , say " peace " that occured in the new testament . the programs that come with it are nice as well , including one that tells you what to read if you want to read the bible in one year , the ot in one year , the nt in one year , and many more options . i was somewhat disappointed by a few features that would have made it a hands-down 5 star program , though . the original niv study bible has elaborate introductions for each book , including author , purpose , structure , and much more . the palm version is lacking all of this , and has no introduction at all . the original also has many cultural information boxes all throughout the bible , like a description of the differences between pharasees and sauducees ; the palm version does not . the cross references are wonderful - click on a small circle after a verse , and all of the cross references pop up . simply click on a cross reference , and the program takes you right there . unfortunately , however , the palm program has no feature like a " back " button that gets you back to the original text . finding your original spot is not difficult - it only takes 5 seconds and a little concentration - but would have been much nicer to go instantly back the same way you can instantly get to a cross refernce by clicking on it . finally , i would be actively marketing this product and the palm platform to all of my friends if it included all of the wonderful maps that the original has - maps of the holyland , jerusalem , the middle east , the temple , and others that are in my paper niv study bible . despite these flaws , however , the program is a joy to use and i highly recommend it to all . i am using a tungsten t3 - the larger screen size make reading easier
11461: real: pos ; predicted: neg
house poor identifies the key issues consumers need to know to survive the current volatile housing market . the style is brisk and understandable , and the information is focused and useful . unlike books that try to entice readers with promises of getting rich quick by investing in real estate , house poor gives suggestions about how to invest prudently and warns readers about the dangers of becoming overextended . when activity in many housing markets begins to decline from its current unsustainable level , many people will wish they had read the advice in fletcher 's book .
11462: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i really forgot how good some of those first season early episodes were until i bought the season 1 dvd . " skin deep " is probably the most entertaining episode of the series . other standouts are " china doll " and " j " digger " doyle " . what i enjoyed most was the 1982 crossover episode as the featuring gerald mcraney and jamison parker from simon and simon from season 2. also the simon episode " emeralds are a girls best friend " and although not as big a fan of later seasons , the 2 part season 5 opener w / a young unknown sharon stone playing a psycho...big surprise there . i found it neat with the discoesque theme song for the first 10 episodes too . you could see how the 4 main characters found their niche as the season progressed
11463: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the book and accompanying dvd are being used in a class i am taking on photoshop elements 4. both of them make it much easier to understand what 4 is capable of and how to use the program , especially the tools . without instruction , complimented by 1 on 1 , i would not be able to use even a small percentage of the power of 4. 1 on 1 goes step by step in 12 chapters of " how to " fix , enhance , organize , and share photos
11464: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i had higher expectations when i purchased this dvd . i was not disappointed technically but i was extremely disappointed with the acting as a whole and with the uneven singing of rachel york . she could n't seem to decide whether she wanted a pop , jazz , or traditional musical theatre sound . her voice was all over the place . furthermore , i found her character very annoying...she was screechy and not at all vunerable . i preferred kathryn grayson 's performance in the movie as she managed to be vunerable , witty , and charming , as well as screechy , demanding , and somewhat tyrannical . truly , i could barely watch this entire video and at the end i could have cared less if fred and lilli got together . i think that was the most powerful statement for me . the production was acted ( or directed ) with a lot of mugging and so much of it was over the top . can today 's directors please leave something for the audience to think about and figure out themselves ? everything need not be a commentary ! i wish i had seen marin mazzie because i heard she was incredible . rent this before buying it or better yet do what i did and buy it used . it hardly cost anything and that is what is it worth
11477: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i purchased this item the middle of may . it is now oct. 1st and it wo n't heat up anymore ! product should last longer than 5 months !
11479: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when will amazon allow a zero stars rating ? ? ? ?
11481: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as a librarian and a lover of all things relating to arts & crafts style , i recommend this book to anyone desiring a greater knowledge of this furniture 's history and design evolution . with clear color photographs and just the right amount of text , this book illustrates the origins of arts & crafts furniture in england and its progression , first to our east coast , and eventually westward across america . in fact , my only ' complaint ' about this book is that the photographs are good enough that they leave you wanting for more . because of the depth of information presented here , i would not say that this is a general interest read - rather this book is geared toward those seriously interested in the history of the arts & crafts movement and its recent revival .
11482: real: neg ; predicted: pos
very seldom do i give up on a book ; i gave up on this one after several attempts to finish . i have read barbara delinsky in the past and have enjoyed her books . i remember the fascination with the peyton place / grace metalious hoopla in the 50 's and 60 's so i was expecting to enjoy this story . it is dull and tiresome .
11485: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i honestly feel that tesla reached the end here . after " psychotic supper " failed to get the label support that it desparately needed the group just fell apart . with this the whole metal scene was falling away anyhow as grunge was dying off after the death of kurt cobain , and here was tesla trying to make up it 's mind what way to go . with the opening track " the gate " it sounded like they were going to head back to the hair days of the 80 's , but then the next song " solution " they played like a lost and wandering band of the 90's . the rest of the songs just followed suit . the groups slogan is " no machines " , but there 's also another slogan at foot here , and that 's " no music direction " , and for some bands that 's possibly a workable concept as long as there 's an inkling of where the bands roots are . with tesla it 's all over the board where they would score a top 10 hit with an acoustic version of the song " signs " , which is a rock song , to where they do a cover here of joe south 's " games people play " . i feel that tesla failed to show thier influences here , and was just trying to make a living ; which is not a bad thing , but it pretty much kept them at a cult status . i pretty much had this album , but did n't listen to it at the time as i was trying to leave the secular music scene behind , and just move onto christianity , and i know the album lurked around in my head all this time , so i felt it was time to face it ; i feel that the album is below par for a group that can do some memorable songs , and to me it seems they wanted out of the label , and possibly away from each other .
11490: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm in love with the impressionists in general and with auguste renoir in particular . his palette is full of light ; soft pink , greens and blues are a joy to watch time and again . as most impressionists renoir paint wonderful every day scenes , mainly outside as his magnificent : " the luncheon of the boating party " ( 1881 ) , " the swing " ( 1876 ) and " le moulin de la galette " ( 1876 ) , whose careful reproductions are shown here . he was an artist that loved life and wanted to reflect it as he perceived : full of little moments of simple joy and relax . he was also a masterful portrayer as you may see from his " on the terrace " ( 1881 ) in the cover of this book or " two girls in black " ( 1881 ) . another subject that attracted his fancy was the dancing couple , which he depicts with tenderness and accuracy . it does n't matter if the dancers are from the high class as in " city dance " or commoners as in " dance at bougival " both from 1883. at the end of his life his paintings evolve and produce for our delight : " seated bather " ( 1914 ) and " the nymphs " ( 1918 ) . his life and works are described and commented by the author with keen penetration and endearment . reproductions are awesome and do justice to the artist . do not miss this book ! reviewed by max yofre .
11499: real: neg ; predicted: pos
if i could give it 0 star , i would . my humble opinion is that kaspersky is not better than norton at slowing down your computer . one brand new computer , plenty of space and memory . one old computer but with plenty of space and memory as well . each time kaspersky updates , i ca n't open outlook express nor explorer . well , the programs do open actually but i have time to vacuum and dust before they 're launched . i used the repair fonction and uninstalled and reinstalled without any improvement . samwis
11505: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there is no way to keep this product in place in the mouth other than by keeping pressure on it with your teeth . this defeats the purpose of a product that is supposed to help reduce the grinding and clenching of teeth . very disappointing .
11513: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this unit has all marketing features , date , time , memory stores up to 48 prior readings by date & time , but there is one problem its not acurate . my doctor said wrist cuffs can be -10% off just because of taking the reading at the wrist and not on the arm next to the heart , just like taking your bp on the right arm . the further from you heart the lower your readings . example : the doctor takes my bp then i take it with the cuff monitor he / she sys its 110 / 56 54 beats / min where this one reads 151 / 93 60 beats / min . we tried it several times and each time it was incorrect . so he told me not to use it . i bought a simular unit , no date , time on the screen , but stores 99 prior readings , tested again with the doctor 's nurse and found it to be within limits . she said you never get the same reading twice in a row . some nurses & doctor 's even take three readings and take the average .
11515: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this lifts your heart to god as you listen . beautifully done
11516: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i 've used the cardiochek 6 times , and had my cholesterol checked at a doctor 's office during the same period . my cholesterol levels according to the doctor 's tests are always around 200. with the cardiochek they vary by as much as 90 points . it is a lot of trouble ( and expensive ) to purchase 3 sets of test strips and stab myself 3 times to test total cholesterol , hdl cholesterol , and triglycerides . no test strips are included in the package when i purchased the cardiochek . the box says " includes check strips " but those are something other than test strips
11517: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have always used norton products for antivirus . for the previous 12 months i had problems getting the auto update feature to work and as a result had to download new definitions every time i turned on my computer . ( a royal pain ! ) at renewal time , i looked around and found pc-cillin software was highly recommended . i bought it and loaded it easily . since i 'm not very computer savy , it took me a little extra time to figure out some of the settings . it works well . i miss a couple of norton features like adding an email sender to the blocked list with one click - but updates load by themselves and i 've had no problems .
11518: real: pos ; predicted: neg
yo nunca habia usado una afeitadora electrica y al comprar esta hice una excelente inversion porque me deja la piel practicamente lisa , muy suave y lo mejor de todo no tengo que usar agua . le dura la bateria y se limpia muy facilmente con el cepillito que trae . si compras el polvo de remington que ellos recomiendan es mucho mejor porque la afeitadora se desliza con mas suavidad . saludos rafael desde cabimas venezuel
11520: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things .
11521: real: neg ; predicted: pos
good book on deal structure , but if you want a valuation number , check out & quot ; unlocking the value of your business&quot ;
11522: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do you love " on eagles wings " ? if the answer is yes , then do you know the words to panis angelicus ? the answer is probably " no . " i do n't blame you for liking this cd . the problem is that it is n't catholic and it is n't classic . you should ask yourself if you are willing to entertain the songs that catholics have enjoyed for thousands of years . if you are willing to look beyond the guitars at your local mass , start with sacred songs by bocelli , or simply baroque by yo yo ma
11524: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great movie - there is n't anything i can say that has n't been said 100 times .
11526: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i purchased this case for my canon a530 camera . i find that it does a great job of being light , durable , and compact . it keeps the camera clean and scratch free . however i wish the case had a better carrying capacity . i would have liked a bit more space for spare batteries and chips . i use different ones for different pictures or video . batteries do tend to give out after a long day shooting and convient extras would be handy . the case has beltloops but not a good shoulder strap for times when a belt is not worn . that can be a bit akward . otherwise this case is a good protector of my camera and fits it well .
11527: real: pos ; predicted: neg
( responding to joel g 's review below ) it 's unfortunate that your child was unable to enjoy didi & ditto because of a technical problem you had with your computer . the majority of didi & ditto players are running microsoft windows and enjoying this great educational software . if you send us an e-mail message at service@kutoka.com , i am sure that someone from our technical support team will be able to help you resolve the issue you seem to have experienced with your computer display . also note that all activites can be unlocked in the activities menu by pressing the f6 key on your keyboard . a full list of the game 's keyboard shortcuts can be found in the user 's guide which is accessible from the start menu . hope this helps
11529: real: neg ; predicted: pos
there 's a reason oar flopped when it was released back in 1969 : it sucks . thirty eight years later , with skip spence safely in his grave , some now give this pitiful mess *five* stars . since you ca n't give more than five stars here , they 're saying oar is on a level with masterpieces like sergeant pepper.. . dark side of the moon.. . led zeppelin 4.... ! just between you and me , i think the government is still secretly drugging people . with all due respect to skip 's venerable memory , oar is a painful aural experience . the first two tracks , little hands and cripple creek , are halfway good , and show some production values ; but things quickly deteriorate from there . one gets the impression the rest of oar was cobbled together in the recording studio just prior to taping - then put in the can after only one or two takes . lastly , the bass playing and drumming are just awful . yes , it 's too bad that things ended up like they did for skip . and it 's hard not to sympathize with him - he flew high only to crash hard . but let 's keep a sense of perspective : his tragedy did not translate into good music . one extra star in his memory .
11530: real: neg ; predicted: pos
once again , microsoft has proven they can churn out some new schlock overnight , filled with bugs , with limited usefulness . the greeting card section was the most amusing to me - it prints out great looking cards with upside down text beginning at the bottom of the inside of the card . in short , the cards section is buggy and you can sink hours trying to maneuver around it and look for solutions online . i make pc cards all the time and i can say this program sucks . the help section answers nothing , but ms will gadly charge you $35 per question for support . some huge sections of ms works is just made up of links to internet sites that one can find easily by using any search engine ; i call this fatuous redundancy . the loading for some parts , like the calendar , is slow even on a very powerful computer . this is one of the most useless and shoddy programs i have ever used in my entire life . it is a waste of space on my pc and will be used rarely if at all . it 's hilarious they are charging around $50 for it . this is a $9.99 bargain bin kinda thing . do n't buy it . my pc came with it and that 's the only reason it 's there .
11531: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this apple humidifier in early november . it stopped working soon at the first time i used it . i later found out that there was no water exchange unless you shake it or move it so that it might continue to work for a while and then stopped again . you have to repeat the above steps in order to keep it working . i contacted the manufacturer and got replacement . however , the new one has the same problem , and what 's worse , it leaks ! ! i talked to the manufacturer again , but they did n't think there should be such problem and refused to do anything else . now i have to keep this defected machine and have no idea what to do
11533: real: pos ; predicted: neg
very satisfied easy to load and very easy to use.i started using it as soon as i loaded it with out reading the help or tutorial . i really like the ease of use and the quality of the invoices it produced . i had quick books a few years ago and the new one is much more user friendly . i highly recomend this program for anyone running a small business
11536: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i did a lot of research before buying this camera . we could have bought a higher quality digital camcorder for less or higher quality minidv camcorder for the same price . what led to our final decision to purchase this camcorder was the fact we could record straight to a 8cm dvd-r , finalize the disc on the camcorder , and play it directly on our dvd player or dvd-rom player on our computer . we did n't want to deal with sticking cables and wires into the tv , electrical outlet , and camera to playback footage . and we also did n't want to deal with the cost and trouble of transferring footage onto dvds to keep in our video library for the future . for those of you who like to edit , re-record , create effects , etc. , you need to purchase special software separately , but with a dvd-ram disc , you have the ease and convenience of doing it all from your dvd-rom on your computer . you can also download it with the usb cable , but it is nice to be able to just pop it in the dvd drive and get started . if you are only interested in playback , dvd-r discs are sufficient ; however , you ca n't erase or record over footage on dvd-rs , only dvd-rw and dvd-ram discs . the picture quality of the camera is adequate . it is n't grainy , but smooth and actually very nice in the right lighting , especially outside on a sunny day . it does n't have a built-in light , so you have to be aware of the right surroundings and environment for recording . i would give the picture quality a 3.75 out of 5. if you want better quality , you will need to buy a more expensive dvd camcorder . considering how far we have come over the years with home video technology , it definitely beats those days images were out of focus and grainy . you ca n't compare it to tv and movie camera quality , but i think it is pretty darn good for home videos . the zoom is good , but of course it takes some time to focus if you zoom in or out too quickly . the stabilizer is pretty good , but i keep it off for the most part to get better picture quality . if you plan to move around a lot , use the function , but expect to lose a little quality in the process . what basically happens when using the stabilizer ( with most cameras , i believe ) is that the image movements are slightly delayed . the sound quality is adequate , but if you are recording when it is windy , you will pick up a lot of the wind sounds unless you block the microphone with your hand . the only problem i have had so far is with the discs . we bought panasonic dvd-rw discs and ca n't get them to play on our computer or in our dvd player . we ended up purchasing sony dvd-r discs and they play with no problem . when i called panasonic about their dvd-rw discs , they did n't have a good answer . the representative told me to make sure the dvd-rw discs are compatible with my players . i told her they may not be compatible with my dvd player , but it should be with my new computer software . the representative just repeated herself and eventually said there is n't any difference between sony and panasonic discs ( interesting ) . they make the claim that panasonic discs work the best in the manual , but now i know better . overall , this camcorder is a great value ( you ca n't beat the price for this dvd technology ) , average to good quality picture and functions , is excellent for the ease and convenience of dvd playback and storage , and is really easy to use .
11537: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book was recommended to me by several people as i interviewed hiring managers , hr personnel , senior-level employees , and others for my own book on the job market . by all accounts , my own included , 201 best questions is comprehensive , helpful , and tactical , an important read when one is preparing for an interview . it is not an all-inclusive resource , only interview-targeted , but for what it is , the book is top-notch
11538: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was so excited when this dvd came out hoping to get the four pittsburgh steelers highlight films from the ' 70s . 98% of all this material is already included in the super bowl collection sets put out last year on dvd . why wo n't nfl films step up and give us more ? ? ? this should be a steeler-specific box set , not some rehash of the entire season for all teams.. . come on steve sabol ; give us what we want ! !
11541: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this dvd version of the movie looks great and is very enjoyable . hayley mills is her usual irrepressible self , and the supporting cast is top notch . the feline actor in particular ! ; ) i do n't quite understand the anger from some other reviewers about the fullscreen format . it did n't bother me at all . disappointment i could understand , but this kind of vitriol ? it 's still a very watchable and enjoyable film for all ages , and i found it a refreshing change from the dumbed-down " kid 's " movies they tend to make these days . adults will enjoy the suspenseful story , retro style , and feline antics just as much as kids will . i 'd skip the remake and get the original
11542: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the worst novel that i have ever read by a major author . i have read a couple other alex cross novels and i did not find them to be awful at all . they were n't very good but they kept me turning the page . while i was reading this dreck i began to get a sense of patterson 's work ethic . he sets a goal for himself and does not stray from it . one maybe two chapters per day i suppose , and when his muse is on vacation for a couple of months this is the result . not a snowball 's chance in hell that this would have been published if it were n't written by patterson . i 'm done . do n't waste your time . really
11546: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the leather case has a magnetc latch , the magnetic force is strong enough for an sd card to stick onto it . i have not lost any images yet and the camera has not gone haywire , but i decided not to chance it . i am surprised that canon cautions against placing the camera in strong magnetic fields in their user guide yet produce an accesory with this feature ! although constructed of fine leather , the case is also very bulky , making the tiny slim elph twice as thick and too big to fit into a pocket or purse . the neck strap is ok , it looks metallic but is wrapped inside a clear plastic tubing , making it look quite cheap and stiff , again increasing the bulk of the camera . the battery works fine , but the two other accessories are not worth the extra money
11549: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i purchased 5 of these for myself and coworkers . we are all on our feet all day long . after one other coworker told us about the one he had , we all had to have one to help our tired feet . everyone of us is very happy with this product . it is a great value for the price . there are other messagers that are more expensive but these are just super . we did have a problem with one , but amazon quickly exchanged it for us . i think it was defective from the factory . great product and even better service from amazon
11551: real: pos ; predicted: neg
simbin makes an excellent simulator . this game has brought me back to days days of yesteryear in great delight . the physics , sounds , and graphics are top notch . the game is fun and the ranks seriously tough . online capabilities are fine except you have to unlock cars and tracks through the game , which could take weeks
11552: real: neg ; predicted: pos
several years ago i used delorme 's street atlas with a usb gps receiver . the software worked but the interface was lousy . this year i tried microsoft 's streets and trips 2007 and was surprised to find that it has an interface that is smoother in some ways than the delorme software , but still surprisingly clumsy . and the help is possibly the worst i have seen in a microsoft product ( that 's saying a lot ) . here are some of the problems : 1. street & trips is expecting a gps receiver that uses a **com port**. are you kidding me ? in 2007 ? ? ? the delorme earthmate 20 ( usb ) will work if you use the delorme com port emulation software , but why is this necessary ? ? ? ( and it was not trivial to get it to work . ) 2. the handling of pushpins ( identifying spots on the map ) , favorite places , and the like , is extremely clumsy . ( although , contrary to another review , you do n't to re-enter the information each time . you just save the file and reload it . ) 3. directions are sometimes not so great . why would you instruct someone to " turn left " if you do n't know which direction they 're pointing ( e.g. , when you 're stationary in a parking lot ) ? much better in such cases to say " head ne " or some such . freeway exits ( at least in so . california ) were often not handled well . ( one freeway entrance was identified as a " local road " , which at the time proved quite confusing . ) 4. why does n't the software automatically recalculate directions to put you " on-route " once you 're off-route ? you can push f3 , but why is this necessary ? 5. i never got the voice providing driving guidance to work . the online help was useless . i 'm sure someone can jump in and tell me how to do it , but it should be trivial . 6. in general , the software has the feel of a bunch of modules written independently and thrown together . i 'm not a reflexive anti-microsoft bigot ( i bought this software after all ) , but i find that much ms software is bad precisely because it feels like it 's cobbled together without much attention given to integration . it 's shiny on the surface but the shine vanishes once you really start to use it . given this experience , i will probably give the delorme software another try next time around .
11553: real: neg ; predicted: pos
obviously bogus reviews . version 6 was slow as a dog , so any improvement will make this more interesting . of course rasing the price to $300 and $450 is less interesting . what about those of us that upgraded to the slow dog 6 and unintalled it to return to v5 ? how bout tossing us all a bone
11554: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is what i grew up with on the radio , and listened to at the dance halls . this is not some sissy nashville sound .
11556: real: neg ; predicted: pos
" the island of lost maps " is the story of a petty crook named gilbert bland who stole rare and irreplaceable maps in the ' 90s . posing as a researcher , bland would enter rare-book collections and slice old maps out of antique atlases with a single-edged razor . then he would sell the maps to unsuspecting - - or at least unquestioning - - dealers . before being busted at the peabody library at johns hopkins university in baltimore , he had stolen more than a half million dollars ' worth of maps . " island " is the first book for author miles harvey . in the book , he tries to pull together enough material on the crime and map collecting to create an appealing 350-page book . he is only partly successful . i found the material on bland 's crime fascinating . however , bland as a subject does not fill the entire 350 pages because his life is dull . unfortunately the author inflates incidents and descriptions to pad the text . i found myself skipping pages to get back to the crime . there is some interesting stuff about map engraving in the age of discovery and modern mapmaking . but as a true crime book , it over extends itself . it would be a more interesting book to read if it were shorter and more focused
11557: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i like meav 's voice , and this cd is ok , if you like this kind of stuff . think slow and somewhat depressing . i think irish music has moved on so much since bill whehlan of riverdance brought it into the modern times , and came up with this vocal sound , i guess to hark back to earlier times , which worked well because riverdance has so much contrast in it and the choir songs only appear as relief to the other music . this is all a bit samey and dull . i would say saved by this lady 's fine voice though
11562: real: pos ; predicted: neg
camera arrived earlier than i expected , and was just what i wanted . very small , but versitle . large screen . very satified with my purchase
11563: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i will be utterly honest , i do n't buy music cds anymore . with so many bands hitting the streets faster than i can imagine , i honestly cannot keep up with them all . music begins to sound the same , corporations seem to have their pre-determined hit prior to the public even forming their own opinion . those like the simpsons , backstreet boys , and even hip-hop artists are blending together to sound uniform , unoriginal , and overly drab . i had nearly lost my faith in music , retreating to some of my older music like dmb , counting crows , and travis , but then i found ... the suns . stumbling around the internet i discovered , shockingly , one of the videos to their album called " romantic death " . it was one of the most creative and disturbing videos that i have seen in quite some time . then it hit me , i could n't get this song out of my mind . throughout the whole day i had the beat , the lyrics , and the overall sensation of the song stuck in my mind ... and i had only heard it once . like a drug , i needed more . when i returned home that evening i found the song again and could n't stop listening to it . for the first time in a long time , i had found a new band . then , i bought this album . knowing nothing about the band except for the " romantic death " song , i put this in my dvd player and continued to be impressed . their videos are just as smart as their music . their tracks seem to cover every genre of music from folk , rock , and even hard edge . their lyrics seem well-considered , smart and a voice to a new generation . my favorites of the album are : " must be you " " romantic death " ( parental guidance is suggested ) " lost at home " " rockstop " " we tried " in fact , every time i listen to this album i find a new song to explore , a new song to jam to on the way to work ; a new song to enjoy ! for those skeptical of this band , i suggest this album to test your tastes . not only does it provide songs for you to burn onto other cds which allow friends and family to explore this band , but also all of their energetic , original videos that will never see the light of day on mtv , but can be watched from the leisure of your dvd player . the sun are a breath of fresh air to the music industry and this album finally got me out of the corporate rut that seems to be plaguing this industry . " ...if the rockstops , it 'll be all my fault.. . " grade : ***** out of *****
11566: real: pos ; predicted: neg
here 's a good litmus test to show how good a book like " breathing lessons " is- -nothing extraordinary happens and yet i did not want to put the book down . there are no conspiracies to rule the world or cover up some dark secret . there are no car chases , explosions , sex scenes ( barely even any kissing ) , or exotic locations . no one changes or has an epiphany . almost nothing happens- -maggie and ira go to a funeral and when they come back they try to reunite their son and former daughter-in-law but nothing changes at all . to the average reader this book probably would seem really dull . heck , if someone told me the plot of this book i 'd think it was really dull too , but i did n't want to put it down . the reason is that maggie and ira are so well-drawn and so familiar to me that they seem like people i know or could know . i think i could go to the supermarket and run into maggie and ira , that 's how real they seemed to me . i suppose ther reason is that tyler allows me as the reader to know just about everything regarding these two characters and their two personalities just come through so transparently in the story that they do n't seem like characters acting their parts ; they seem like real people . because of this , even though very little happens to maggie or ira and even though neither of them changes by the end of the book , i cared so much about them that i wanted to keep reading right through the end so i breezed through the novel in a few days . in all honesty , what i really appreciate about this book is that it seemingly disproves almost everything i 've ever read about how to write a book . this is purely a character-driven novel with very little " plot " except for the death of maggie 's friend 's husband that gets the ball rolling . everything else seems to happen so naturally as an extension of maggie 's personality more than any artificially-generated plot twists . it 's hard for me to find any real faults with this book , except for the lengthy flashback near the end that perhaps goes on too long . some people may call this boring or dull , but i would call it purely exceptional . i loved this book and highly recommend it
11567: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out .
11569: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what can i say ? more spidey than you can shake a stick at for peanuts . if you ever wished you had the patience to cut out and neatly collect all the sunday paper comics in a nice neat scrap book then this is the book for you . i 'm planning on buying the lot and thoroughly enjoying my strolls down memory lane
11573: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the book is set up with an activity for each letter of the alphabet . the activities can be used in any order , which works for teachers who want to integrate this into their existing curriculum . the reproducibles are quality learning material , yet still entertaining for primary students
11574: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this book written by don brown is a wonderful children 's book . in this story , set in 1870 , mary kingsley uses her childhood to motivate her travels to africa . mary begins the story as a child , who is taking care of her ill mother . her father travels a lot , and is rarely home . although mary never attended school she loves to read and uses this to escape . mary , now an adult travels to africa which was a big accomplishment for a woman at that time . the book tells some of her experiences in africa . without revealing what happens at the end , i will tell you that mary has many experiences in this children 's book . she takes the reader through her life . the illustrations in the book help the reader visualize mary 's life . this is not my favorite children 's book , but i would highly recommend this book to any parent or child . it kept my interest and it is sure to keep yours
11575: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great product . i use it on my eyeglasses as well as my computer screen , tv screen . recommend it to al
11578: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as a young woman i was appauled by gurian 's lack of respect for women as human beings.what makes me the most furious is his shadowy writing which can lead a young woman to think she is only worth something if she squishes herself to allow the boys and men to take the lead in life.the resounding message is girls and women are potentially inferior and cannot because of our hormones make important contributions to society beyond traditional roles.i do n't remember ever being taken over by hormones and rendered down to a emotional bundle of primative chemical reactions he believes all females to be . i agree with posters about this bridge brain foolishness.gurian is a master at twisting words around and you have to read his books being mindfull of his tricks.his book is full of agenda .
11579: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was very happy with my purchase . the company chose to mail it to me via priority mail in order for it to arrive before christmas . i was very pleased ! ! ! !
11582: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as a tape measure , it does what it says it does . you press a button and the tape tightens around your body part . you wo n't have to worry about , " did i hold the tape tigher last time ? " as the tension is always the same for consistent measurements every time . the tape starts measurement at 2 " since the tape casing holds the tape and that part measures around 2 inches . i think this tape is accurate plus-or-minus half-an-inch but it sure beats a regular tape measure since at least the button ensures that each time the tape wraps around you at the same tension level
11583: real: pos ; predicted: neg
got the lowero slingshot 100 about 2 months ago , and it is really coming in handy . in the main area , it holds my pentax digital slr with one lens mounted , 1 rather small lens and 1 decently big zoom lens ( 80-320mm ) , plus a sigma ef-500 super flash . it 's packed in there , and the flash just barely fits , but i do n't need much more room . the top compartment holds extra batteries , recharger , etc. really easy to access the main pocket when it is on my back...just by pulling the case to my front ( no need to take it off my back ) . well made . zippers are strong so i do n't have to worry about one loosening and my equipment falling out . perfect for the amateur to semi-pro photographer .
11585: real: neg ; predicted: pos
although i have only read a few specific subjects in this book , i am only giving it 1 start because the information in the section on hyperemesis is extremely inaccurate and perpetuates outdated myths about this very serious and life-threatening disease . for anyone who has had hyperemesis gravidarum ( hg ) , reading that a spa day would be beneficial , is not only absurd , but also insulting . many women with hg cannot get to another room of the house without help , much less drive a car to a spa ! hg is a disease and not a psychological condition . women cannot stop the disease at will . this myth has resulted in a century of poor and sometimes abusive treatment of these afflicted women , causing excessive and unnecessary stress and misery , not to mention preventable complications during pregnancy and in their resulting children . some women have life-long effects . ( ...
11586: real: neg ; predicted: pos
" the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read- -and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete- -true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly- -that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope
11590: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i installed it on three of my computers with no problem i have used wordperfect before and it 's vey user friendly . i 'm not a power user but the basic things seen be easier to do . i recomended . the software came with and intructional dvd no how to used un like the microsoft counter part . this software is more then what is needed for the average person . it also comes with some free download for installing the software in your computer which you can install on all three computers . it come with lots of template that you can used . buy , buy , buy i say . lol is worth it
11591: real: neg ; predicted: pos
my primary use for this camera was to take pictures indoors with very bright lighting , without the use of a flash . the camera could n't handle taking pictures without the flash at all , despite it being extremely bright in the room ( 5 different lights on plus 3 overhead halogen track lights ) . the camera 's shutter speed was so slow that it was nearly impossible to get a picture that was n't blurry . maybe 1 in every 4 pictures came out clear . i believe the fact that its a 10 megapixel camera is what did it . i used to have a cannon powershot sd450 that was awesome , but it was stolen and so i needed a replacement . i had no complaints about the 450 and it took the same type of pictures in bright indoor lighting just fine without a flash , unlike the 900. i am sure the camera would be fine for people who always use the flash or take their pictures in bright sunlight but for my purpose , this camera was horrible and it has since been returned . instead , i just got a fuji finepix f30 , which is supposed to be better without the flash . we 'll see
11592: real: neg ; predicted: pos
jeff buckley sounds like what marc bolan would have sounded like if bolan had taken perry como as his musical muse . seriously , think about marc bolan trying to sound like a ' 50 's crooner and you 'll know what jeff buckley sounds like
11593: real: pos ; predicted: neg
funny thing to mention here is that the stated region block ( region 1 ) is n't really present . i took the shot to order this and unlock my dvd player if i had to ( i live in amsterdam , region 2 ) but i did n't have to ! ! this dvd is region free ! thanks amazon , but in future it would be nice to provide correct region-information . i bet that a lot european ( and perhaps australian , russian and so on ) customers cancel their order because of the region code not corresponding with their country region . regard
11595: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i worked hard on a vcd project for work using photo explosion . i did n't think it was that easy to use , but it was okay until i got ready to burn . got a little error message that said something along the lines of " you do n't have nero burners ! " no kidding , but there are four other burn programs on my computer . nothing but nero would do . nowhere on the box are you informed of this . it says , and i quote , " burn cd slideshows you can watch on tv ! " needing more software is never mentioned . as far as i 'm concerned , this product makes fraudulent claims . i will never buy another one of their products
11604: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i did n't think i would like the fragrance , but it 's absolutely wonderful . it 's not too sweet or strong . it smells good on my daughters and me . give it a try . you wo n't be disappointed
11606: real: pos ; predicted: neg
in march 2006 , there are only three or four books that boast haskell in their titles . they are all excellent books . but the world can benefit from more haskell books . in fact , we are in need of such books , especially cs1 texts . this book is a pleasure to read . i suspect that even math haters will not find it hostile . anyone learning haskell will find the book and its companion web site a valuable resouce . on the web site , you will find the source code from the book , such as powerseries.hs . you can quickly play and experiment with it ; read and learn from it . i wish more books are as pleasant and affordable ( $25 )
11607: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i liked this book for its analysis of political phenomena . however , i found it weak on issues facing companies today in china or that the new business economy has created : there was little or no discussion of the institutional problems facing china in its transition . the journalistic background of the author also peeked through and some sections were too breathless for me . i disagree with the simplistic conclusion ( among others ) that water and pollution are the two major problems facing companies operating in china
11608: real: pos ; predicted: neg
generations of hate come together in this book . pete braga killed franklin mcmichael dead in a claim of self-defense in the summer of 1952. the next generation carried on the tradition when gabriel mcmichael supposedly beat pete 's son , victor , so severely that he suffered permanent brain damage , rendering him with the iq of a ten-year old . the third generation was nave to all this hatred when thomas mcmichael fell in love with pete 's granddaughter patricia . the love of his life was driven away at a young age when grandfather pete refused to permit their love to blossom . while the mcmichael family existed in near poverety , the braga family thrived in power and money . so now thomas has a problem . the root of all his family 's hatred , pete braga , has been found dead . he was murdered by someone at his home . thomas has been assigned the case to find out who wanted the old man dead . given his many enemies , the list of suspects is long . it does n't help that the first suspect , sally rainwater...pete 's personal nurse , becomes the object of thomas ' heart as the investigation unravels . the story twists and turns through many leads and many unexpected plot points as thomas mcmichael is determined , despite his family 's hatred of pete , to find out who is behind the killing and why . author t . jefferson parker does an excellent job in keeping the reader involved and interested in the story with his enthralling style . frederick a . babb
11609: real: neg ; predicted: pos
we had this camera for about a year until on thanksgiving day while out of town it broke . the lense just froze while in the middle of taking a picture and wouldnt ever go back into the camera . we ran out to best buy and purchased it again because it was just a simple to use basic camera for me and my dad . ( 2 years later the old cameras lense still wont go back into the camera yet the camera still will turn on..weird . ) at first we liked the camera and it took good pictures . they look great when we got them developed ( costco.com is the best place to upload them and 1 hour later you pick them up , super cheap too ) and the quality was good . within the last year the camera has turned into a piece of crap . evvvvvery picture comes out blurry it seems . inside or outside . i am constantly telling people who take pics for me to take 2 or 3 pictures because i know one or two will be blurry and that is a great shot i will miss because of it . also the flash quality is horrible . it takes okay pictures of people in the dark but if it 's of an object ( anything really , just not a person ) it comes out pitch black . inside the lighting is bad too . the camera can never focus and it 's just annoying . i also went through 2 or 3 memory sticks made by sony that for no reason just broke . one of them broke while in a store getting them developed ( in the little machine ) and erased all of my pictures which was very dissapointing . the people said there was no way it was their machine , that it had to be a default in the memory stick . also the camera is pretty big and clunky . at the time it was actually a smaller camera on the market , now it is huge ! i am looking into now buying the canon powershot 6.
11610: real: pos ; predicted: neg
unfortunately , millions of americans currently suffer from the debilitating effects of stress , anxiety , and depression . in the pharmaceutical industry , anti-anxiety medications and antidepressants are among the best-selling medications on the market . the everyday stressors faced by americans have simply become too much for many to bear , and reasonably so . in recent years , taking an anti-anxiety medication or antidepressant has become as common as taking a multivitamin . however , the side effects and long-term effects of such medications were for the most part unknown until recently . in the past year , some of the drastic negative effects of such medications have come to light , much to the horror of patients and physicians alike . anti-anxiety medications and antidepressants have been linked to addiction , severe withdrawal , weight gain , vertigo , and even suicide and death . to treat the symptoms of stress , anxiety , and depression , without negative health implications , many are now turning to natural supplements - - safely and with much success . most consumers are confused about which natural stress , anxiety , and depression supplements to take . fortunately , there are now a few promising natural supplements on the market which offer truly effective results , safely . the challenge lies in distinguishing the effective products from the one 's that are based more on marketing hype . it is critical that the product you choose contains those ingredients proven effective for treatment through clinical study , and that those ingredients are of the highest grade and included in the proper dosage in the product . this is the key to getting the results you desire - freedom from stress , anxiety , and depression . after researching nearly every available natural anxiety product on the market today i can tell you that many products contain low-grade ingredients in amounts far too small to be truly effective . there are a few , however , with clinical research behind them that also contain quality ingredients in efficacious doses . these products offer the definite potential to counter your emotional and physical responses to stress , anxiety , and depression . after review of the products and the available scientific literature only those products that met the criteria were recommended , here is a list of the top the top 10 stress , anxiety and depression supplements on the market today : 1 ) anxietol 7 ( tm ) 2 ) welatonin ( tm ) 3 ) pinadol ( tm ) 4 ) seredyn ( tm ) 5 ) prosera ( tm ) 6 ) amoryn ( tm ) 7 ) euphorx ( tm ) 8 ) herbval supra ( tm ) 9 ) clarocet-nri ( tm ) 10 ) relora ( tm )
11611: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i really really really really like allison moorer . have been a fan since her first record , have road-tripped to see her numerous times , and love her songwriting and singing . that said - - " getting somewhere " is by far the least satisfying of her records . no memorable songs . over-produced . no " guts " , as another reviewer said . when the allison moorer / doyle " butch " primm songwriting team called it quits ( in more ways than one ) , their lennon / mccartney-caliber teamwork was lost . not that moorer sounds like the beatles , but allison and butch complemented each other well when composing music . this cd is not only unmemorable but i doubt i would care to ever listen to it again . such a shame . i 've never had anything negative to say about allison in the 8 years i 've been a fan . but this cd left me cold . it hurts a bit to say this , but i cannot recommend this cd . the closest analogy i can think of that relates to how different this cd is from her earlier work is the b-story line from an episode of " the larry sanders show " . in that episode , sanders ' head writer phil ( played by wallace langham ) finally got himself a girlfriend and was happy . as a result he lost his edge . when he was a miserable person he was an edgy , cynical , funny jokewriter . when he was a happy person he stopped being the kind of funny that he needed to be to do his job . same with moorer . since her recent changes in her social life she has started " singing a sweeter tune " in her life , but it came with a cost . she does n't seem to be the same songwriter anymore and it was that " other " songwriter who was so good - - a little edgy , sad , sometimes bitter , or at least that 's how i interpreted it . granted , that was n't her entire oeuvre , but it is what made her songs special for me . now she 's happy and she might as well be writing songs for barney the dinosaur
11612: real: pos ; predicted: neg
well , i just wanted to say that i am purchasing this to learn more about what could be , my ancestor ! yup ! my name is jackie kidd . i have been forever interested in anything that has to do with captain kidd . get this , we all have nicknames at my job and i am called : captain kidd . people think i 'm wacked , but i do n't care . i think he was a good pirate , he just got caught . i have been trying to trace my family tree to him . nothing is for sure just yet . but i wear my uniform well ! i have a pirate costume that i wear every halloween . i stand firm in my heritage , if this is who i am
11617: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 'm a fan of three 6 mafia , and i can say maybe they kinda got a little of three 6 's rap style in this album , but i dunno . dj paul and juicy j , the superproducers , they can never be beaten . i got all the hypnotize minds albums and they did invent crunk music . many people have n't heard of them cuz besides ridin ' spinners and chickenhead they have n't been played on the radio very much except for their new track " poppin ' my collar . " crime mob 's alright . the beats are alright , but nothing compared to three 6 mafia . some of them are some krunk songs , i can get hyped to a few of them . but other than that i dunno . the lyrics are rather simple , i 'm an 18 year old white dude and i think i can put together some better bars than these dudes can . but they do get some major play up here in virginia . stilletos and knuck if you buck have n't gotten some airtime . but there 's only like 4 songs total that are worth hearing . i guess we 'll see if they put out another album or not . i think if they had some other fellas from georgia like t.i. or jeezy or something they might get some more hype . who knows , since paul wall 's on every song now maybe he 'll make a cameo . i guess we 'll see . three 6 mafia still the buckest and besides their new artist chrome , who really is garbage , they are still the kings of crunk , not lil ' john
11619: real: neg ; predicted: pos
a generation before there was a left behind , there was the late great planet earth by hal lindsey and c . c . carlson . this is the book that broke the dispensationalist view of the end times into the consciousness of america . a phemomenal best seller , it was a watershed event in the growing christian publishing industry . for many christians , their first reading of this book was an energizing event that shaped their future . a generation later , many of its former supporters now see in its pages a complete misreading of holy scripture , sensationalistic attempts to correspond biblical prophecies to current events , and an unhealthy enthusiasm for seeing the world obliterated . so why bother with what can easily be written off as paranoid millenarianism ? well , while many have outgrown its simplistic approach to world events , it still resounds for much of the church and this is shown in the continued audience for books by lindsey and other " prophecy pundits . " while it is certainly true that tim lahaye has replaced lindsey as the popular voice of dispensationalism , it cannot be denied that left behind was made possible by this book . part of the commercial success of both authors has to do with their placing the dispensationalist view in a popular book form . for lahaye and jerry b . jenkins , it was the pulp novel . back in 1970 , lindsay and c . c . carlson did the same with a popular genre of their day - the sensationalistic expose . like most books of this type ( e.g. , the bermuda triangle , chariots of the gods ? , the philadelphia experiment , the population bomb ) , it is written in a breezy soundbite style that is long on conjecture and short on facts . like most of these books , it was a peculiar period piece of american life at a time when the fabric of the nation seemed to be coming apart at the seams . like most of these books , it is laughable in retrospect . if the book were out of circulation and i were reviewing this for historical purposes , i would almost be tempted to give it a free pass as a kitschy period piece...sort of a fundamentalist lava lamp . the original was so over the top and written with such enthusiasm one could almost have forgiven the fact that the authors got everything wrong . after all , it was the 1970 's when wild conspiracy theories , distrust of any traditional authority , and predictions of impending disaster were all the rage . when viewed within a time frame that produced predictions of a soon to be ice age , a ufo invasion , a famine around the corner , and california falling into the pacific ocean , the authors ' claims of the coming armageddon look downright trendy . however , in the intervening years , the revisions of this book just kept piling up . make a bad prediction ? no problem , edit the book with the old gaffes removed , add a few trendier predictions , and release it as a new book . lindsey , now well into middle age and hurtling towards his golden years , still clings to the long discredited dispensationalist hypothesis ( carleton 's contribution is more stylistic ) despite his failed scenarios . lindsey 's original view was that the end times events would take place in the 1980s ( he even wrote a book the 1980's : countdown to armageddon trumpeting this belief ) . well that did n't pan out , so he then jumped on the y2k bandwagon ( another of his books was planet earth 2000 a.d. : will mankind survive ? ) . oops , wrong again . first communism was the main source of evil in the world but more recently it is islam ( a more recent book is the everlasting hatred : the roots of jihad ) . when one bogeyman falls , he is quick to insert a new one in its place . between the failed predictions , the hilarious misreadings of the original languages , the bizarre correlations between apocalyptic symbolism and modern military technology , and the hysterical pleading for contemporary events fulfilling the biblical prophecies " right before our eyes " , it is not surprising many of those energized by this book became convinced of the imminent end of all things . this trend continues to this day for the many followers of dispensationalist worldview as they are perpetuated in the many novels based on dispensationalist beliefs - notably the left behind series of novels . if you can find a copy of the original version from 1970 , it can be interesting in much the same way as a brady bunch episode - not for its merit but as an example of a particular moment in the consciousness of the fundamentalist subculture at a particular time . just as many catholics have vivid memories of nuns and the baltimore catechism , fundamentalists of that era will never forget this book and the movie a thief in the night . however , for the reedited version here presented as a guide to interpreting biblical prophecy , it is best to pass . for all its success as a cultural marker , its usefulness in properly understanding biblical prophecy is basically nil . for this , its original purpose , the late great planet earth is completely worthless .
11621: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great book . i could n't wait to see what was going to happen next and how all the mixups would be straightened out ! it is a very funny and delightful book , i hope there will be a sequel , we need to know what happens to these people , i feel like i know them
11623: real: neg ; predicted: pos
after a few months use the camera got persnickety , often demanding upon startup that i restart it . now that the camera has completely broken down , with the lens fully extended and stuck in place , i think this was a sign of a too-delicate lens mechanism that was beginning to deteriorate . another durability issue concerns the finish : the plastic coating on the 4-way rocker switch on the back that controls image review , flash , etc. , quickly wore off , and there are other small scratches all over the body of the camera . not a big deal in itself , but annoying given the other problem . the lens is prone to strange flaring , especially indoors , where lights in the room often up as large white blotches at various points of the frame . several photos were ruined , or have required tedious photoshopping . otherwise , the lens is fine and reasonably sharp , although nothing to write home about . the camera seems to hunt for autofocus lock more than some comparable models , e.g. , canon a610. many frames are motion-blurred , as well . there are ways to avoid this , but i did n't buy a point-n-shoot with fiddly controls and menus in order to mess around with aperture-priority exposure , thank you . there are a few things to recommend it : not only is it relatively inexpensive , it has a lens significantly wider than the competition- -31 or 32mm equivalent vs. 35mm . those few mm 's make a big difference when you ca n't move back far enough to get everything in the frame . it is also quick in its operations ( except when hunting for focus , see above . ) the jpegs it cranks out are extremely colorful- -bright red so much so that details sometimes seems to be lost- -but generally everything looks good . skintones are good . still , with the durability issue , this one 's not worth it . lucky for me , unlike the other user who seemingly experienced the same type of breakdown , i did keep the receipt . anyone wanna buy a memory stick pro duo
11624: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this text was assigned reading in a psych101 back in 1970 , but its themes have stayed with me so strongly i am now ordering it for my personal library . i was born with a club foot , and experienced the power of being different , even though my personal defect was so minor as to be rarely noticed by others . stigma gave me an appreciation of the force behind my own shame and the reaction to my difference of others . more importantly , i learned about the degrees of identity- - which differences make the most difference ( sex , race , disabilities.. . ) and the increasing intensity that comes with breaking the most closely held norms . a classic study
11625: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i rate this piece of equipment as 4 stars because i have not used it enough to know if it does everything it claims....however i have been amazed at how this little contraption does wonders on my back . when i first got this lumbar extender i set up up in about 2 seconds and then stretched backwards to lay on it . omg , as i laid down it was like i could n't even breath for a brief second . to actually feel my back being forced into shape nearly took my breath away as all the muscles were pushed around . i had to relax and it was amazing how sore the muscles in my back were from leaning over my computer at work . having used it for about a month now , my back has started to feel much better and i am sleeping better too
11628: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this album sounds to much like pop music than hardcore reggaeton . they even have that rbd boyband in this piece . a few years ago lt saved reggaeton with their producing skills now it looks like they set out to kill the monster they created with this embarrasing album transforming a music of the streets into the music even grandmas like and that is scary . the only reason for the two star is because the zion and the arcangel & de la ghetto songs . if you wanna hear some real reggaeton look for producers like dj memo , meka , mambo kings , dj wassie & dj fat this dudes are doin it right and keepin reggaeton calle my friend
11629: real: neg ; predicted: pos
with the $70-million that was spent on the 2005 video-game-inspired film " doom " , you 'd think that director andrzej bartkowiak would have used better lighting so that the audience could actually see what was going on more clearly . on second thought , given that this predictable film was little more than 100 minutes of " shoot the mutants " , it 's pretty clear that mr. bartkowiak may have kept the lights dim in a dismal attempt to avoid personal embarrassment . as to the film 's plot , it can be summarized in a single sentence : a group of ber-soldiers lead by their " sarge " ( played by the rock ) travel to mars to stop a bunch of scientists that have inadvertently transformed themselves into flesh-eating mutants after injecting a criminal with dna recovered from ancient humanoid fossils found in a martian archaeological dig . so , there 's tons of shooting , a lot of screams , gallons of fake blood & guts being tossed about , a martian sewer and a teleportation device that looks like a small-scale version of " the sphere " . others who starred in this forgettable rubbish include karl urban ( ber-soldier john grimm ) and rosamund pike ( as john grimm 's sister named sam ) . why these two actors would stoop so low as to participate in " doom " defies logic . to anyone who actually paid good money to watch this 1-star film in a theater , you have my deepest sympathy . to anyone thinking of purchasing a copy of " doom " on dvd , please notice that there are a ton of used copies available for very a cheap price . that alone should tell you how " good " this film is
11630: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have tried the gerber nursing pads , and one other brand . these nursing pads are the best . i have a large supply of milk but i have not leaked through these pads , they are also very soft and they are not visible through your clothing
11632: real: pos ; predicted: neg
rites of spring is an unparalleled work of cultural and historical synthesis , and easily the most interesting cultural history of 20th century europe available .
11635: real: pos ; predicted: neg
after a few months of debating whether or not i needed the extra light for my work space i made the great choice of purchasing the happylite . i 've been using it the past few weeks and have really enjoyed how it brightens up the dark corner better than a regular lamp . now my only concern is how to order an extra bulb... . ( guess i should read the materials it came with ) .
11638: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this lens in may for my brand new rebel xt . i used it on a vacation mainly , and am pretty dissapointed . i 'm no pro , or even skilled amateur , but i do know the lens is not giving me quality shots . the autofocusing is slow , and af or manual shots are n't very sharp at any zoom . there seems to be a fingerprint on one of the inner lenses that indicates poor quality control to me . i wanted a good , all around lens before building a real lens collection of different types . i guess this would fit the bill , if it took sharp pictures . i would n't pay more than $150 for this lens again
11641: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i watched 7 out of 8 episodes in two days . it may be educational for people who did n't know much about it , but if you are somewhat familiar with the topics , this documentary film did n't offer much more
11642: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as the other reviewers make clear , this is a disturbing film in that the college girl forced into prostitution ends up by developing feelings for the man who " ruined " her . so you may immediately assume that the director has a deeper comment to make beyond this trite observation . problem is , having just watched the movie , i am not convinced there is anything below the surface . prostitution is a fact of life in asian cities , the theme of women overcome by their desires and in thrall to strong men a common one , and i searched in vain for any subversion of or challenge to that fantasy ( as fantasy it is ) . is this any more than a homage to the inutility of futility ? not that i can see
11644: real: pos ; predicted: neg
the cutting edge is one of those break out feel good movies you can watch anytime and it 's still as much fun today as the first time i saw it in 1992. " doug dorsey " played with verve by d.b. sweeney , is a rising hockey star with a bright future ahead him until a freak accident on the ice shatters his chances of playing at the peak of the competitive level . it 's not long before doug is noticed by skating coach " anton pamchenko " roy dotrice , an affable personality whom the audience gravitates to from the start . pamchenko brings mr.dorsey to the estate of kate moseley , moira kelly , a would-have been gold medalist at the 1984 winter games in sarajevo . she blamed her former partner for their loss and never fully recovered , you see . kate has an acerbic tongue that 's as sharp as her blades . she has issues welcoming a new partner and doug is no exeception . the two meet and a hostile alliance is soon formed as they begin practice sessions . doug is n't used to figure skates and kate takes full advantage of this by " missing " serveral connections in the routines which cause him to painfully contact the ice . each time he falls , kate skates by teasing him uttering " toe pick . " one of my favorite scenes in the movie . doug is made of quite stern stuff and soon turns the tables on kate in a harmless way during an impromtu " hockey game " played on her private indoor rink . having ironed out the roughness , the two become quite polished and a budding romance ensues between them . the question is , do they have what it takes to become 1988 olympic champions in pairs figure skating ? the acting is charming and the soundtrack first rate.i would have given it five stars except for the ending , which i wo n't give away here . buy the dvd & cd , you wo n't be dissappointed
11647: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i used to have respect for bill maher . he used to actually inspire me when it came to being brave enough to argue my own opinions without making apologies ; but not anymore . my respect dissipated as his fairness was replaced by blinding hatred for gwb and religion . i watched " i 'm swiss " once and almost could n't refrain from vomiting . he talks about the usual suspects : the president , religion , obesity , same-sex marriage , rap , and few other things that " comedians " are good at joking about and liberals are good at preaching about . i know , i know , he 's not a liberal , he 's a libertarian . well , i have watched and listened to bill maher and i know which side he 's on most of the time , and it sure is n't on the right . he hates organized religion and traditional morality too much to be on the right much of the time . i do n't know why his panties are in such a bunch . being organized is better than being disorganized ( i can tell jokes too ) . i 'm not religious ; and i ca n't help but see much of it as hard to swallow , but i 'm not arrogant enough to call all of it just a bunch of fairytales created and believed by people with neurological disorders . i was n't there when the bible was written or when the events took place . i ca n't say it 's all fairtyales . i can only say some of it is n't logical . but , i respect religion and its purposes ; which is what separates me from him . he has no qualms about crushing the hope of people who believe in an afterlife or religion , which are both things that make life more bearable for them . the purpose of religion is to provide hope and solace and relief to people who are living in desperation . the same purpose of drugs i might add : something maher not only defends but abuses . why the double standard ? this is no longer the eleventh century where protestants are killing catholics . the only people k / illing in the name of religion are fanatical muslims , but most religious people are good , decent , nonviolent individuals . maher 's not an atheist , but he has recently expressed a " could be , could be not " attitude toward the existence of a g / od , which would make him agnostic . but one thing is for sure , atheism has more blood on its hands than religion does . two of our biggest mass murderers- -hitler and stalin- -were atheist . it 's a shame when non comedians are actually funnier than maher , who wears the comedian label but is too bitter to be a good one . most of the time , he can barely get the joke out without laughing at himself . i laughed twice during the entire show . no one has ever accused maher of being modest . he 's a smug , intellectual elitist . and those are his good qualities . " i 'm swiss " displays this all too clearly . in case you did n't know , " i 'm swiss " is a running joke of maher 's embarrassment of being an american . he 'd rather belong to a country where ethics are a substitution for , not an extension of , morality ; where any depraved activity that has no victim is not immoral at all ; where adultery is seen as cute , not sinful ; where there are no fat people ; where the only women who exist are the pretty ones he can sleep with or the ugly ones who agree with his opinions . thank god i live in america and not switzerland .
11649: real: neg ; predicted: pos
half of my pictures are out of focus making it useless . should have sent it back
11651: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this movie is great . i just bought it the other day and rushed home to watch it . i throughly enjoyed it entirely , i believe it kind of relates to fatal attraction
11659: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is one of the best camcorders in the market today and i would definitely recommend it to anyone planning to buy a mini-dv camcorder positive factors : - very small and easy to hold with one hand . can be easily attached even to a mini-tripod with ease . - excellent widescreen video and hi-fi audio . your videos finally get that " hollywood " feel when you shoot movies in 16:9 ratio ( widescreen format ) . even if you do n't have a widescreen tv currently , you will very soon have one as more and more people are buying them . so its better to buy this camcorder and shoot in 16:9 format to enjoy your movies later in widescreen format . - includes widescreen rotatable lcd so what you see is what you get when you shoot in 16:9 ratio ( widescreen format ) - good battery life . one extra battery is enough . you can easily manage a day 's worth of shooting with two batteries before recharging them again - includes docking station making it easier to connect to computer or tv . if you have a good computer with a firewire port , please buy a firewire cable to connect the camcorder to your computer . you can download your movie in excellent clarity in .avi format and edit it as required - make sure to change the audio setting to 16 bit ( instead of the default 12 bit ) for very good hi-fi audio - touchscreen menu system is great . you do n't have to search for any buttons as they are all available in the touchscreen menu itself . - 10x optical zoom is more than sufficient for ordinary home videos . anything more produces more " shaking " and would necessiate the use of a tripod . when you shoot without a tripod , 10x is the best zoom you can achieve without worrying about shaky videos - widescreen still photo . the photo clarity is ok not too good . so please do n't expect great shots . since the photo is in 16:9 format , you can take panoramic photos and cover more people in group shots - nightshot : cool feature that records using infrared light . useful for shooting at night as you can record a video even in 100% darkness - color widescreen viewfinder - very useful when you are running down on batteries and need to use the viewfinder . the color widescreen viewfinder gives an excellent picture and is as good as the lcd in clarity negative factors : - outdoor videos especially in bright sunlight are overexposed . so please adjust the white balance when shooting outdoors . add the white-balance menu to your shortcuts so that you can easily access it and return to default once you start shooting indoors - sensitive microphone may pick up button clicks ( best to turn off the button click " beep " sound ) . notes : - use a fresh cassette after recording 2 or 3 times on the same cassette . the head tends to get dirty if you re-record on the same cassette more than 3 times - you can edit movies in windowx xp using windows movie maker , but beware it does not support 16:9 ratio video . hence your videos look ugly as you shot them in 16:9 but movie maker converted it to 4:3. invest in pinnacle software version 9 or 10 for better movie editing capabilities . pinnacle is the only software , i am aware of , that preserves teh 16:9 ratio . even roxio could not allow 16:9 format . - you can also invest in wide-angle lens as it gives excellent coverage
11660: real: pos ; predicted: neg
sure , the pacing is slow compared to today 's hyper / cyber entertainments , but antonioni 's visuals are still incomparable . scene after scene resembles nothing so much as a matisse canvas , and the final shot is a stunner . lovely , achingly felt picture
11663: real: pos ; predicted: neg
it is good for old eric gale fans to be able to purchase this cd . it will bring back many memories . it will also remind you of how great a guitar player he was . i am grateful that i 've had a chance to own many recordings that he has played on . pay close attention to she is my lady and morning glory . this is a must have cd . jaye price beltsville , md .
11664: real: pos ; predicted: neg
we love this camcorder ! we bought it because our other bulky , digital video that uses tapes , which we would have to copy onto vhs / dvd , stopped working . we did n't want to spend a lot of money . we loved the idea that it was easier to carry in my purse and you could download it straight to the computer or burn it ( which is very simple to do , and you do not have to download any software . ) i have to admit i was a little reluctant that the quality of the picture would be less than great , and only 60 minutes concerned me , but the pictures is great and i have n't ran out of time yet . we have used this indoors , outdoors and have no problems . we have recorded our son 's basketball games and it worked great . we read where the batteries did n't last very long , but we have been using rechargeable batteries and have been impressed with lifetime they have . this is a must for those who have children or grandchildren
11669: real: pos ; predicted: neg
every once in a while a product comes along that does one thing , and does it really well . the only question is " do you need it " with modern lcd screens and sleep / energy save modes , screen savers are virtually unnecessary . that 's really the point of aquazone , it has no practical value , but it is very cool . before we got our little dog tova , we had a fish tank for a number of years . i do miss some of the relaxing aspects of watching fish swim around and interact . fish are generally low maintance and considered by many a key stress reducer . i think of this screen saver program as a virtual tamagotchi or a aquatic version of the sims . you can do everything you would do with a normal fish tank : add and remove fish , feed them , tap on the glass ( or the keyboard in this case ) . even better , you can mix fresh water and salt water , no worries about two male betas in the same tank fortunately you do n't have to clean the tank and you do n't get algae . if you want fish not included in the tank , you can buy some more online if you ( or someone you know ) enjoys fish and want to buy something fun and rather frivolous , this is a great program . if you are n't into fish , probably not worth buying pros : does exactly what is says , creates a virtual fish tank cons : probably a productivity waster at the office , gotta love fish to enjoy the program
11677: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've used paperport 9 for about 3 years , currently running under win xp . i love it , my wife loves it , i have bought it for my kids , and recommend it to others . a lawyer friend of mine raves about it . i 've had no problems with it . ( i had to downlaod and install an upgrade , but more recent production probably has the upgrade already incorporated . ) i download bank and credit card statements and other documents to it from the internet ; i store faxed documents in it ; i scan checks before i deposit them ; i use it to convert documents to pdf so i can e-mail them . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is that i wish it were more convenient to do a couple of things ; maybe v . 10 adds those features , but for the money , v.9 is a bargain . i just wish i had a faster scanner ( what do you expect for $60 ? ) so i could get rid of more paper documents . highly recommended as a start toward the paperless office
11679: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the author is an owner and operator of a tutoring center . he is not an expert in auto mechanics . as he points out on the back cover the pictures and the concepts were for teenage boys and the accompanying graphics are of poor quality . if you actually want to learn anything substative of autos this is a poor poor choice . you are better of visiting the automotive section of www.howstuffworks.com or some similar website to learn more with better graphics and for free . i bought this book long time ago and finally had the time to look at it and i regret it
11680: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i am one of the people who just does n't like applying liquid foundation and cannot do it well , but needs more than just the light coverage of powder foundation . the new complexion cream foundations do exactly that . i have used numerous cream ( or liquid-powder ) foundations and this is by far the best and at a good price as well ! the neat little compact includes a mirror and separate storage space for your sponge , which i love because i hate when my sponges become covered in product , all in the same space as a regular compact . i 've personally never been one to use compact mirrors , myself , however . but it 's not the package or the sponge which i love , it 's the product . it 's neither too liquid nor is it too stiff , like some products . it 's perfectly creamy and works well with the sponge it comes with . you really need n't use a lot to have even overall covered but by using more you can obtain a thicker coverage . i find that this makeup blends well with my skin and does a good job of evening out my skin tone , as well , without appearing too much like a mask . you can feel it a little but it somehow just feels right on my skin . also , i do recommend using a powder over it to reduce shine . overall , i love this makeup
11686: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was so pleased to find this movie on amazon.com . i had watched it as a child and pinned over it when i could not find it in stores over the years . this is such a pure love story , with the main characters completely selfless and yet charmingly real . there are too few unpretentious , untampered romantic movies around these days . most reveal too much - literally . but this one leaves you truly satisfied while lending pleasant modesty to a normally scandalous genre
11688: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a very flexible and capable camera . if you are looking for more than a point & shoot will offer , there are very few that would compare . for me the deciding factor was the high quality lieca lens with wide angle , if you havent compared this directly with a conventianal lens you will be amazed at what youve been missing . the 16:9 is an ok feature if you plan on hdtv veiwing but the screen size is compromised when you switch to 4:3. i would prefer a larger screen and lose the 16:9 feature . the lens cap is a little annoying as well but those issues aside , i am very satisfied
11692: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i 've always preferred wordperfect to word . i find it is easier to use , more intuitive , and allows more control over documents . it is less buggy , and i have yet to find one thing that word does better than wp . this new version of wp is even better than the old , and i can use it more now because it seamlessly converts documents to and from word . word users should find this version especially easy to switch to , since it can be made to look and act like word ( though why anyone would want that , i do n't know ) . underneath the surface , though , it is still wp , which means it is stable , you can see codes in your document and manipulate them , and it wo n't do things like decide when you put a number somewhere that you are making a list and start indenting and doing other weird things you do n't want and ca n't control . i have been using wpx3 heavily since i got it , but i still have n't used all the features . i am especially looking forward to trying its pdf conversion function . i also have n't used any of the other programs in the suite yet , but if prior versions are any indicator , they will also be easy to use and powerful .
11694: real: pos ; predicted: neg
fyodor dostoyevsky 's nineteenth century novella " notes from underground " and the plot of this twenty first century movie carry identical messages . the movie is an eloquent cinematic adaptation of the novel that gives dostoevsky 's central character a new breath of life from the modern day perspective . the movie attempts to survey the convoluted mind of a building inspector through a video-taped self confession . the psychological similarities between the character in dostoevsky 's novel and the building supervisor in the movie are uncanny . both characters share a state of mind that is the epitome of a human condition where miserable anti hero attitude reigns through a heightened level consciousness and the rationality of everyday living through action is put to rest . the character in the movie who identifies himself as a " sick man , a spiteful man " lives his life in isolation by the drowning himself into the puddle of his own conflicting thoughts . he despises his friends and at the same time he seems eager to improve his relationship with them . the character in the movie voluntarily creates unpleasant scenarios that trigger his eventual self demise . he often finds himself confined within the conflicting walls of his consciousness . he falls in love with a prostitute but at the same time he is utterly disgusted by her profession and tries to dominate her . by escalating the level of his thought process well above the habitual human awareness , the central character of the movie isolates himself from the crowd that dostoevsky 's narrator identifies as the " men of action " . the building supervisor is paralyzed by the own consciousness just like the narrator in dostoevsky 's novel . dostoevsky 's novel and the movie helps us realize that the collective standard of self-consciousness that the society forces us to adapt through a methodical process of uniformity and conformity , has a negative side effect that is strong enough to paralyze our lives and inflict a profound sense of alienation in our minds .
11700: real: neg ; predicted: pos
maybe its just me but the piano is out of tune badly enough that it should not have been recorded . i had to force myself to finish listening to the concerto and did not even bother with the rest . sad piece of work
11703: real: pos ; predicted: neg
what an absolute lifesaver ! as parents of two kids - ( one dreamer and one dynamo ) we had run through the endless & quot ; experts&quot ; in our town for answers . this is a priceless resource for anyone who wants to stand up with facts to experts in both the medical and the school-related fields . it gives reasons for behavior and what works , and more importantly , why what a lot of people want you to do wo n't work ! i have given it to each teacher / specialist who works with my children . her advice does work and your special bright child will blossom with it . it is written in an engaging and segmented format . be sure to read the part addressing whether or not to medicate . perfect for carpool wait times as most parents of these bright and energetic kids do n't get any other time to sit still
11704: real: pos ; predicted: neg
like her legendary mother , nobody around today takes command of the stage like liza minnelli and this legendary event at new york 's radio city music hall clearly illustrates this...always a five star event in concert , i have been fortunate to experience this thrilling and amazing performer numerous times in concert from 1970 to 2005 and i am here to say that she has still got it and always will ! ! ! in recent years for some silly reason that i do n't get , the media has tried to damage liza 's artistic credibility but it does n't work when liza takes to the stage and shows sold out audiences with her soulful singing and great performing skills what she is all about and that she is and always will be a true legendary superstar...numerous standing ovations later it is clear that liza is going to be around for a long time to come and this tremendous concert is a keeper...bravo liza and keep on rocking ! !
11706: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i bought this camera more than half a year ago . my intention was to get a decent camera for images , but then also be able to use it for filming short movies . i 'm very pleased with its performance . in good lighting conditions , colors come out to be amazing . i really really did not expect them to be so vivid and sparkling ! in darker conditions , well , it still works fine , not nearly as bad as i expected from some other reviews . photos might be grainy or not as vivid anymore , but the stuff is still perfectly suitable to show the photos to people . as about filming , it 's terrific . i mean , resolution is great ( sth like 848 by 640 or so ) , better than what one could possibly expect from a regular camera . and the quality is super awesome , looks very neat on computer screen . respect . it has to be pointed out that you cannot zoom while filming , but not many cameras out there can do that . oh , it 's also very small with a gigantic screen and great battery life . a great buy
11708: real: neg ; predicted: pos
blatant sentimentality without any touch of irony or wit = elefant 's lyrics . i personally like interpol and the strokes ; i resent that they are being compared to these cheeseballs
11711: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this product rocks , if you are serious about body building this is a must have ...i 've been using no-explode about two weeks and seen some serious enhanchments. . first of my workout lasts at least an hour longer than usual and still have energy left over . combine this product with the right amount of protein shake you are good to go...also note that this product does not cause any stomach cramping or aching like other creatine products do and tastes great
11712: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i had no prior experience with music playing ( other than blowing some simple tunes from a harmonica ) and , yet , i found this book to be surprisingly easy to learn from . it smoothly and concisely guides the reader through the key elements of piano playing , starting with one-hand playing , but quickly to two-hands , then chords , etc. , and ending with sharp and flat notes . it is well organized , has well thought out exercises , advices , and a diverse collection of ( short ) attractive tunes of increasing complexity ( from jingle bells to waltzing matilda to silent night to green sleeves to we shall overcome to minuet in g minor ) . i prefer it to other teach-yourself piano books that take much longer to cover the same skills , such as the complete piano player or piano for dummies . i particularly like that it gets to two-hand playing almost right away , which i feel is better preparation- -even if it feels hard and slows the playing initially . it may have helped ( coordination-wise ) that i have been typing for 20+ years with both hands . if you are looking for a book that teaches all the essentials of basic piano playing in a thoughtful and concise way , then i recommend this book . if you perfer a slower pace , then maybe look elsewhere . for me , this was the perfect book to learn from .
11713: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have used synmatec products for many years and have been fairly pleased by them . however , do n't buy the upgrade or renew your subscription until after your current subscription runs out because synmatec will not give you credit for the un-used portion of your previous subscription . i asked and they said " no way " . that aspect of " customer service " is very disappointing
11714: real: pos ; predicted: neg
would highly recommend . we attend dog show that are in the middle of no were.. . this product got us to every show we have been to since we started using it in march 2007.we especially in enjoyed the feature of being able to find what kind of business were in the area were.we hate getting lost especially with a truck loaded down with dogs and conformation equiptment , this product has stopped that from happening . it would be nice if the 2008 version : 1 - it spoke the name of the streets while it was giving you the next turn 2 - it would get rid of that agreement screen everytime you use it , once should be enough and 3 - it would be nice if we could log on to the web and down load the latest addition of gas station , place to eat and etc.. . while we were down loading the construction updates . this product is a good buy for the money. .
11716: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i love this soap , it 's a little big and hard to hold during shower , but the smell totally makes up for it ! it has a very strong ( but good ) grapefruit smell , it 's very fresh and rinses completely off
11718: real: neg ; predicted: pos
" you get what you pay for " most of the time that cliche is true , but there are products out there that break this rule . the philips dvp642 is one of them , a great quality , versatile product selling at a bargain price . this is not . i was hoping the same of this product from all the " glowing " reviews on here . however , this quality of this monopod is very disappointing . first of all , you have to ask yourself , why do you need a monopod over a tripod ? for myself and most , it 's because we need some stability and portability for our telephoto zoom lenses . however , telephoto zooms are long and heavy so the monopod should be designed strong and solid to live up to the task . this monopod does n't even come close . here are it 's bad points : -the aluminum construction is very cheap quality . the leg segments wobble laterally when you extend and close them . it feels like thin , cheap aluminum and the monopod feels it could break in half like a toothpick at any time . -the head is very cheap and not solid . no matter how tight i tightened the head , my camera would slope down . the workmanship of the head is so cheap that at any point , you think that you 're going to break the plastic tightening screw if you tighten it too much . i think we 've all experienced that in the past . -the leg locks are not tight . when you push down on the monopod , the leg segments slide back into themselves . in the end , it was a risk i took hoping that i could get a high-quality product for a cheap price . sometimes , you can get away with that . walmart sells a very decent functioning tripod for only $30. in this case , i should 've bought a real monopod . oh well , i wasted $16 that i could 've used to help pay for a higher quality monopod
11721: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i read horror storied about 7.0 nero so i upgraded to 6.6 from 5.5 by going to the amazon new & used market . this is a good program that does all you need for dvd 's and cd's . it gets good reviews . i ca n't imagine what happened to 7.0 but they may have gotten carried away with " user friendly-ness " - i see a little of that in 6.6 compared to 5.5
11722: real: neg ; predicted: pos
ok , the maps are good , but its very very combersome to use with a laptop in your car . it is very disracting and can easily cause an accident . does not work aroung lincoln tunnel area . also would not find my home street , and i have been there for 2 years . either the one i got was defected , or its not what other make it out to be . i had to return mine .
11726: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the night owl optics monocular had a major flaw as soon as i started using it . the system uses high voltage derived from 2-aa bateries . occationally the unit would create a large snap ( arcing noise ) and emit a bright flash of light from the eyepiece . if one is using the instrument , the light actually hurts the eye . i have returned the monocular to night owl for repairs . i do not know the result of the repairs as it is still in transit . they told me to ship it at my expense . another strange requirement of the instrument is that the batteries are recommended to be removed if not used for 24 hours . other than the above , the monocular has performed well . epilogue-night owl optics did repair the unit and returned it .
11727: real: pos ; predicted: neg
as expected , the new 7180xl razor delivers a close and comfortable electric shave , even though it runs much slower than earlier models . the slow speed does make it very quiet and the new cleaning method is very handy . just 2 noticable disappointments : 1. the external power supply is a rather combersome change from former norelco products . 2. the exclusion of a storage case is certainly an unwelcome " feature " of an otherwise good product at a premium price
11730: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this film starts with an event based on a true crime . a talk radio show host in denver was killed by an american nazi . ( this event inspired the " talk radio " play and film . ) this film continues with scenes from a small town in a farming region . no mention of their economic status ; are they losing dollars and population , small businesses , etc. instead we see a small group of white racists who abduct a black man to hunt and kill him ! this seems too exaggerated to believe . federal agents are aware of this but do n't want to act yet . their agent is sent back to get more information . there are groups like that in some sparsely settled areas . the film does n't explain what created them . it shows how some politicians try to use them for votes and contributions . no real names , of course . the federal agent meets to report to her higher ups . then we see terrorists prepare to hold up a bank to raise money for their activities ( based on real events ) . most bank robberies are done by ordinary criminals who are not part of any group . ( the fbi put an end to organized gangs that robbed banks in the 1940s . ) this federal agency does n't interfere because they want more information on their aims ( and their leaders ) . more terrorism is planned : dynamiting a courthouse , attacking a power station , etc. the terrorist plots here would keep this small group busy 24 hours a day ! kathy finds a secret list of " friends " . this is quickly copied with a camera . the federal agents need to know who this group will target so they can arrest them . gary meets with the leader ( who arrives in a helicopter ! ) and shows documents that say kathy is a special investigator . is kathy being served up as a sacrifice ? gary and kathy travel to chicago , where an assassination is planned that will make gary the fall guy . ( another lee harvey oswald ? ) a second " lone gunman " shoots the politician in front of a building . gary fails to shoot , and wo n't ever try this again . costa-gavras gained world fame with his 1969 film " z " . a few years later his film about rebels in south america was popular . his later films have seemed mediocre . a better story might not have tried to cover so many details and plots as this film does ; better pacing could help . the threat from domestic terrorism still needs a good film ( e.g. , timothy mcveigh ) . those who gave this film a high rating must love the images more than the facts . a better film today would show the bad results from " nafta " and " free trade " in harming most americans economically . but hollywood would never allow a film about this " war on the middle class " . the word ` nafta ' in greek and arabic refers to ` petroleum' . nafta is a symbol for the policies designed for big oil . it is like george w . bush calling his policy " operation iraqi liberation " .
11731: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the product was easy to install but there was a trick i noticed . a day after installing the software i ran full scan . to try the sincerity of the software , i downloaded same free trial . to my chagrin i was told my computer has about 420 problems and could only fix about 15. my question now is are all these gimmicks
11733: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was using vcom systemsuite pro 6 and it was working to my satisfaction . but , after i reconfigured my pc to " standard pc " , the software rejected my serial number , claiming i was using the software on another pc . i only own one pc . technical help claimed the serial number has been used on 6 pc's . well , that is totally incorrect because , like i said , i only have one pc and the software cd has never left my house . they have a bug in their serial number checking process . anyway , they would not help me restore the software serial number because i could not furnish proof of purchase . they think i am a crook . i 'm not , i only want what i paid for to work
11736: real: pos ; predicted: neg
superior to the first steppenwolf album in many ways , and including a song that tops even ' born to be wild ' itself , ' magic carpet ride ' , is as essential as the group 's first album , even to the casual rock fan . it opens with ' faster than the speed of life ' , a perfect blend of steppenwolfish hard rock & airplanesque psychedelic rock ( like ' she has funny cars ' ) . ' tighten up your wing ' is an upbeat , bluesy track , that bounces well along , before being replaced with ' none of your doing ' , a steppenwolf-classic , that shifts gear between verse & chorus . ' spiritual fantasy ' is one of the strangest creations on the album , strangely touching , though appaling at first . but given a second chance , it comes across as one of the best tracks on the album . the marihuana-anthem ' do n't step on the grass , sam ' is pure heavy steppenwolf , a timeless classic , that crunches slowly , but steadily along . ' 28 ' is a great rock song with just a hint of psychedelia in the melody . a neat little rocker that is followed by the ultimate psychedelic dance track . ' magic carpet ride ' is simply steppenwolf 's best song ever , a fantastic blend of rhytm , melody & vision , that is worth the price of all steppenwolf 's classic albums on its own . it was also the only of their singles to almost replicate ' born to be wild 's us #2 placing , when it shot to #3 on the us chart . ' disappointment number ' is almost that , but then not again . it is an odd ode to / parody of old blues , complete with bird sounds in the background , as if it 's an old blues singer sitting out in the open . ' lost and found by trial and error ' has a great tune , and rocks away well , as does ' hodge , podge , strained through a leslie ' and ' resurrection' . both employ the classic steppenwolf sound in a great rocking way , to become , if not classics , then at least steppenwolf-standards . the album closes with ' reflections ' a weird song , that seems like somebody trying to be visionary , before you realize that that is just what he is . just in a very peculiar way . the album has some , if not weak , then not too powerful spots , but generally it is a more than worthy follow-up to the first steppenwolf album , with a great blend of the band 's traditional hard rock and a form of psychedelia that suits them perfectly . even the least interesting tracks rock nicely , & no-one should have anything to complain about here. .
11739: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this movie for my husband because its one of his faves . when we received it we found out it was a blu ray edition and our dvd player does n't accept blu ray dvd's . so i basically bought a movie i ca n't watch . it should have been put in the description that this a blu ray edition for those of us who do n't have blu ray compatible dvd players
11740: real: pos ; predicted: neg
great deal , great price , great product . emedia guitar method is by far one of the greatest computer learn to play programs out there . my order netted me a brand new , factory fresh product , securely and quickly shipped . thanks , again
11744: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this mix starts off heavy , and never lets up , with the quirky , yet hard hitting vocal track grace ( anxiety ) by troy pierce ( as louderbach ) starting things off in a very energetic way . this track worked well in sascha funke 's boogy bytes 2 mix , but it was deep into the mix . i feel it 's even more effective starting a mix off . things quickly lighten up with the bloopy claude vonstroke next , and then it 's into the m.a.n.d.y. remix of tiefschwarz 's excellent track damage , featuring tracey thorn of everything but the girl on vocals . two solid tech house tracks follow , especially touane 's snappy track bassic , and it 's right into the gritty , churning , techno sound of thomas schumacher 's incredible track rotor . the mix then hits a very slight snag in track 7 , which i feel is one of only two so-so parts of the mix . it 's not bad , it 's just a little too light and bubbly tech house for my liking . it 's quickly forgotten as the mix races through with 4 solid tracks in a row , and right after the melodic freefall , it 's into tiefschwarz 's own remix of a depeche mode track . this is the only other slight miss in the mix for me , as i feel the track was a tad too long at nearly 7 minutes , and could have been trimmed to better fit the flow of the mix . another solid melodic track is next , and we end with the dubbed out vocals of kate wax . overall , it 's an exciting tech house mix that 's a full lineup of solid tracks , with not a bad one in sight , and very few dips in the scorching pace of one , very sound , top to bottom mix . do not miss picking this one up , as it 's easily in the top 5 techno / tech house mixes this year
11745: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this movie is typical hollywood anti-war , anti-military , anti-american trash . the " show biz " liberals , aided and abetted by their ideological cousins , the left-wing tv news moguls , have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing , drug-crazed monsters . this movie is typical of that ilk . if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war , buy the dvd of " we were soldiers . " - -a much better , and far more honest , film
11749: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this album is by far on the greatest recent live recordings . sheryl crow demonstrates her influence and talent by putting on an all star show with some of the biggest names in music history . sheryl shines on her own , singing some of her great hits , but it 's the duets that really make the album . my least favorite has to be the dixie chicks just because i ca n't appreciate the country flare they bring to " strong enough " but it 's still a great version . chrissie hynde , one of the album 's highlights , brings intense attitude to " if it makes you happy " , still one of my favorite sheryl songs . stevie nicks remains stevie nicks , giving more than enough emotion and flare to her own " gold dust woman . " sarah mclachlan 's usually soft voice comes out strong on " the difficult kind " and compliments sheryl 's quite nicely . my favorite rendition has to be eric clapton and sheryl together on cream 's " white room " , the rock-out moment on the album . the show is complete when all the guests return to belt out bob dylan 's " tombstone blues " and close the show with a definite bang
11750: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as a fan of zombie movies and as someone who enjoyed city of the living dead and zombie , i was very disappointed with house by the cemetery . fulci manages to create a good mystery in the first two-thirds of the movie , only to squander it on some poorly executed scare scenes . house by the cemetery is about an researcher ( whose work is never specified ) who moves his wife and his kid into a house in massachussets in order to finish out the work of a colleague who killed himself and his mistress . the titular house is the only place they can really find for the moment , so dr. boyle , his wife lucy and their son bob move in despite a lot of bad signs , like the boarded-up door to the cellar and a tombstone for a dr. jacob tess freudstein in the front hall . bob has little red-headed girl for a friend who keeps warning him about how bad the house is ( though no one else sees her ) . furthermore , people keep claiming dr. boyle has been in town before with a non-existent daughter ( which he denies , not totally convincingly ) . he also seems to have some secret relationship with the babysitter , anne , who starts unboarding the cellar door in the middle of the night . and lucy seems to either be recovering from or suffering from serious psychological issues . got that ? good , because half of that stuff never gets explained . the only things that get worked out are the little red-headed girl 's identity and the identity of the killer ( neither of which are that hard to figure out ) . there are some nice visual moments in the earlier parts of the film ( the fact that the killer has one normal hand and one rotting hand , the photograph that changes with each viewing , a mannequin that gets beheaded and starts bleeding ) but fulci 's ability to handle the gore moments disappoints . he lingers too long over some deaths , makes the killer so ridiculously slow that a snail could outrun him and bits like the babysitter 's head falling down the stairs come off as funny rather than scary . compared to the injury to the eye scene in zombie or christopher george chopping through the coffin in cotld , dr. boyle 's chopping through the door around his son 's head feels like self-parody . fulci 's other films have incoherent plots , but rarely in a way that seems to work against the plot ( the dream-like nature of city of the living dead seems appropriate given the prophetic dream the heroine gets and the mystical nature of the threat ) and the execution of the setpieces is usually fantastic . house by the cemetery has neither thing working in its favor . it 's not hell of the living dead-level bad , but the fact that it has some genuinely good acting ( especially paolo malco , who plays dr. boyle ) and an interesting set-up almost make the flaws worse . also , this version has a " never before seen deleted scene " , but it has no sound and is just an extended reaction shot after the bat attack
11752: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the video-editing component of this package , video wave , worked great for me for about a year , but it has recently turned into a nightmare ! the audio is anywhere between 2 and 4 seconds out of sync with the video , and after trying everything i 'm convinced that its a problem with the code . a quick product search will show others who have had similar problems . i would stay away
11753: real: pos ; predicted: neg
vet producer don was is aboard for this one and he pushes the ladies to write some of their most mature material , relying on their trademark humour as a flavoring rather than a sole ingredient . the result is that even the radio tailored material is better than on " stunt " . best tracks here are : lovers sparring in " too little too late " , twangy " go home " ( possibly the only time you 'll hear a country tune with glockenspiel . parental warning : this is one you 'll want to skip if young ears are in the car because of a gratuitous f-bomb at the coda. . ) , the tale of a co-worker dalliance in " conventioneers " that ends with them feeling awkward about it ( " so i wait , come in late , it 'd be great if you transferred out of state " ) , the cheater finally caught in " humour of the situation " ( " have you heard the one about the boy who moved into the henhouse to sleep ? he woke up with egg on his face , when he found that all the hens had crossed the street " ) and the ethereal " tonight is the night i fell asleep at the wheel " , which utilizes an almost disneyish melody in its tale of a man in a traffic accident who , disembodied , surveys his own demise ( " in all the confusion , there 's something serene , i 'm just a posthumous part of the scene " ) . the least interesting tracks are " off the hook " , another cheater gets him comeuppance tune and " baby seat " , a gentle nudge to accept responsibility instead of wanting others to look after you . bottom line : while not as consistently fabulous as " gordon " , this one hits on all cylinders more than it misses and it utilizes more of the band 's talents by allowing more lead vocals from ed robertson ( " pinch me " , " falling for the first time " ) , as well as kevin 's first on the hidden track " hidden sun " . you also hear the ladies do things they have n't before : steven 's flute on " tonight 's the night i fell asleep at the wheel " , tyler 's 808 drums for " off the hook " , and a dash of retro courtesy of ed 's wah-wah pedal on " conventioneers " and kevin 's vocoder on " humour of the situation "
11755: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought a new state-of-the-art computer in february that came preloaded with windows vista . i was initially excited to get a computer that was running the newest operating system , and i hoped it would mean that my computer would have a much longer effective life . i have been nothing but disappointed since receiving this machine , especially knowing that had i called dell , they would have installed xp instead . pros : -better security ( it prompts me & allows me to stop some of the annoying " automatic " programs that software makers sneak onto your system ) -better appearance ( this is strictly cosmetic , and i 'd rather stare at an ugly screen that worked rather than a pretty , useless one ) cons : -freezing : i use this computer 2-3 hours a day and i can expect 1-2 freezes / day . restarting often fails , and i have to cut the power and restart again . -display problems : although the cosmetics of the program were better , vista ca n't display anything right . i tried updating the display driver which caused a major crash after restarting . i had to boot in safe mode and rollback the driver to get my computer back . apparently , the newest display drivers are incompatible with vista . -incompatibility : entirely too many programs are incompatible with vista , including some fairly big ones ( lots of adobe software , ipods , display drivers , etc. ) i know vista is new , and these software companies are slow to adapt , but does it really make sense for an operating system like vista to render virtually all of my other software obsolete ? why ca n't vista play nicely with the other kids ? -its slow ! ! ! - - part of the reason i bought a new , state-of-the-art computer was to replace my old laptop ( which still runs ok , but has become a little buggy & sluggish in the past 4 years ) . although this computer is light years ahead of the old one , it actually runs even slower than my old laptop . technical support has largely attributed this to the demands of vista . bottom line : 1. if you are not good with computers , avoid vista like the plague 2. vista is a rip-off . save your money and keep / get xp- - i 'm probably going to return my computer and make the manufacturer install xp so i can regain some speed and system stability . maybe in the future vista will work ok , but not right now.. . 3. the incompatibility issues- - though there are several- - conspicuously include problems with mac-oriented software ( ipod , adobe ) . i ca n't help but feel that microsoft built-in these specific incompatibility issues in order to battle apple
11756: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is a good charger - quick and portable . but the battery life of the battery sucks !
11758: real: neg ; predicted: pos
we bought this camera thinking that it would be our do-all " eurocam " for an upcoming trip to europe . it promised a sufficient range of performance and features to easily meet our needs on such a trip . sadly , the camera is not up to filling this role . we will need to take another camera along with it . however , we will take the v705 for its wide-angle lens , the reason that we picked this model in the first place . it is this disparity between the advertised and actual capabilities of the camera which prompts me to contribute this review . the need for a true wide-angle lens is both a sufficient and a necessary condition for buying this camera . if you do not need a 23mm lens , or if you do not know if you need a 23mm lens , then you do not need this otherwise mediocre p&s ( point and shoot ) camera . good : fairly decent 23mm wide-angle lens ; the 23mm is the default lens ; rapid start-up time ; internal focus and zoom ; chromatic aberration well controlled ; can use 4gb cards ; freeze-frame and extract any video frame . mediocre : soft images ; perceptible shutter lag ; slow shot-to-shot times ; exposure compensation is easy , but steps are too small for digital , and is reset when camera turned off ; flash does not come close to covering the 23mm ; image numbering basically limited to 4 digits ; flimsy construction ; no manual controls ; no raw format ; no optical viewfinder ; histogram on display , but too small to be useful . bad : the absolute worst menu system to be found on a camera ; excessive and unadjustable jpeg compression ; poor battery life with very expensive external charger and spare battery ; unacceptable visual noise starting at asa-400 ; forced in-camera stitching of panoramic images , with inability to save the individual panoramic shots ; panoramic component images forced to 5mp ; overlays for panoramic and delete modes are so dark they obscure the underlying image ( even with display on ` bright ' ) ; mpeg-4 video compression gives very poor results . synopsis : if you need a 23mm lens in a point and shoot , this , and the older v570 , are the only choices . if most of your images are in bright light , the 7mp v705 gives better images . if most images will be in low light , the older , cheaper , 5mp v570 is the better choice . the camera seems very fragile . treat it gently and you will likely be happy with the wide-angle performance . if you chose this as your sole camera , you will likely be unhappy with your choice . the only reason to buy this camera is for the wide-angle lens . = = = = = some expanded comments = = = = = twenty-three mm wide-angle fixed-focus lens . this lens has almost decent optical quality ; though the camera 's processing still produces overly-compressed and soft images from it . on power-up the 23mm is the initially active lens , which is ideal for us . however , considering that this is truly a specialty lens , it would make more sense that the ` normal ' lens should be the default . best would be a menu setting to allow selection of the boot-up lens . better yet would be a camera with only the 23mm lens . the camera does have firmware wide-angle distortion correction . this works fairly well , at the cost of even more image softness , but even-so , barrel distortion is noticeable to a degree that is not present in actual 35mm-film camera wide-angle lenses of similar focal length . this in-camera correction can be turned off . doing so allows one to see the marginal native lens performance . however , being able to turn off distortion correction exemplifies for me how poorly thought out this camera is . the only people who would wish to do this are those who are exploring the artistic limits of the camera - and they would seem better served by the camera having such basics as : manual settings , a physically larger sensor chip , raw image files , or , at least , a choice of degree of jpeg compression . at the other end of the camera 's focal length the 114 / 117mm performance shows slightly below average image softness with average pincushion distortion . there are very few circumstances where one would want to use ` digital zoom ' , so , as with all digicams , the claimed maximum telephoto length is completely bogus . after reaching optical zoom limits , one is much better off doing any further ' zooming ' in an editing program . kodak 's advertised " 5x optical zoom " is , at best , misleading . actually , it is just flat out untrue . the camera has two lenses . the only lens that can be optically zoomed is the 39-114mm lens , which is not quite 3:1. the wide angle lens has a fixed focal length . ( note , in some places kodak claims 39-114 , in others 39-117 optical zoom . ) also misleading is the claimed " anti-blur technology . " as best i can tell from looking at the images , and at the exif metadata , all this actually means is that at some given shutter speed the camera boosts the asa . certainly there is no optical image stabilization technology in this camera . speaking of asa . this is an opportune time to address the camera 's incredibly poor menu system . it is byzantine : being both awkward and time consuming to use . to adduce , ` auto ' asa ranges from 50-200 , to set a faster ( or to lock in at a slower ) sensitivity rating requires going through multiple menu levels . to change from ` auto ' to the next fastest ( 400 ) requires 11 manipulations of 2 controls ! on either of the other two p&ss which we will be taking along it requires 4 pushes on 1 control . the menu system is next to unusable in the field . still on asa settings , the camera does have sensitivities up to asa / iso 1000 ( though the manual only documents asas up to 800 , 1000 is available on the camera ) . unless your shot is of a once-in-a-lifetime , will never-happen-again moment , then 200 is the max asa tolerable before noise in the shadows becomes annoying . at 400 the entire image suffers from noise and is not really useable for any print larger than 4x5 " . the previous version of this camera , v570 , had only 5mp , but the same sensor size . by increasing the pixel count , but not the physical size of the sensor , the new v705 camera actually has more low-light digital noise than its predecessor . this has happened with many of the current p&s cameras , as the makers advertise pixel count as a measure of image quality . my initial experience with low-light high asa use of this camera is that you might as well set the capture size to 3 mp , as the larger files have only marginally better printing capability because of the severe noise artifact . another approach to dealing with the sensor noise is to use one of the commercially available products which , when calibrated to the sensor in the camera , allows the subtraction of much of the internally generated noise . doing so does allow for semi-adequate 8x10 " prints at asa 800. if one really wants to get carried away , combining the preceding with any of the image stacking programs designed for astrophotography ( where dozens / hundreds / thousands of images are averaged together ) makes 8x10 's at asa 1000 doable . people willing to undertake these manipulations likely do not fit kodak 's target market . back to earth . the v705 's still-image quality is below average for this generation of 7mp p&s cameras . mostly i believe this is because of the overly aggressive jpeg compression , which is not adjustable ( e.g. ` best ' , ` good ' , etc ) . my guess is that a compression setting of 30-40 is being used . this results in small files , with a lot of compression artifact . the 7mp jpegs from this camera are about 1.2-1.5mb in size , those from another 7mp p&s i have are 5-6mb . my 6mp prosumer digital slr jpegs are 8-10mb . the more the compression , the worse the image . most cameras allow the user to pick the trade-off point . kodak picks it for you , and picks poorly . the v705 's video performance is very disappointing . it uses mpeg-4 compression , and at very aggressive compression settings . unless it is a video of your baby 's first steps , or aliens landing in the backyard , you will likely find it hard to watch . the total output datastream is about 0.5 mbs . compare this with a minidv tape video datastream of 25 mbs ( total , adding sound , error correction , and time codes , is 36 mbs ) . better to have stuck with mpeg-2 which would give less compression , but decent enough ( tv quality ) videos . that is the choice that most manufactures have made . as a result , the videos from my other p&ss have about a 2 mbs datastream , and so are of much better quality . the battery . kodak 's claim is 150 still images per charge . i am getting 100-120 , with minimal use of flash and the lcd on ` energy saver' . even 150 would be poor , compared with my other digital p&ss , where i expect at least 200 , and often get 250+ if i am at all careful with power-management . this camera has a proprietary ( and hard to remove ) 720 mah battery . my ( several ) other , p&ss have 790-1120 mah batteries , and , i suspect , more efficient processors . since we are only going to be using this camera for wide-angle , the battery will likely last most of a day . we have not bought an external charger and backup battery because the cost is about 25% the cost of the camera . though the body is of aluminum , the camera itself is overall fragile and i doubt will hold up more than a year or two . the battery and media doors do not appear to have been designed for actual repeated use ; there is no cover for the charge socket . the media door often dislodges open . truly , my belief is that kodak designed this camera with the thought that these doors would never be used : that the camera would spend its life simply being taken in and out of the ( not included in this model ) " easyshare " dock system . this would also explain the relatively large amount of built in memory , and the overly aggressive jpeg compression . shutter lag , the bte noire of digital cameras , is very evident with this model . i do not have any method of actually measuring the time between pressing the shutter , and the image being recorded . however , based on over 50 years of tripping shutters , it clearly varies , and i estimate is , at best 1 / 4 second , up to a bit over 1 / 2 second . in addition to the shutter lag , there is a perceptible lag in the lcd viewfinder screen showing what is in front of the lens . together this makes the capture of a fleeting moment , an active child at a particular instant , or a wary animal almost impossible . the shutter lag is much more evident than in same-generation / price p&s cameras from other makers . the accompanying ` manual ' is poorly organized , childishly written . " finish reading this book , so you can take and share your best pictures ! " at best , it was written for 8 year olds . the manual does make reference to a web-address where one can download the ` full manual ' , however the address given is incorrect . when eventually found , the manual is better than the one enclosed with the camera - in that it contains some information that one could not figure out oneself - but it also is written at no more than a fourth grade level . panoramics , one of the advertising points of the camera , are another disappointment . basically the way it works is that 2 or 3 images can be taken in ` panoramic mode ' , each subsequent shot is overlain by a thin strip of the preceding image , in order to allow alignment . as with most ` panoramic modes ' focus and exposure is locked on the first image . so far , this is all ok ; however , it rapidly goes downhill . first , the max image size of the individual shots is limited to 5 ( not 7 ) mp . next , the image overlay is so dark that , even with the lcd set at max brightness , it is difficult to see through the mask to align the elements . however , it gets worse . the images must be joined in-camera ! the individual images cannot be stored ! in-camera processing is very slow and very battery hungry . aligning the overlaps on a grainy 1.5x2 " lcd in the field gives , in spite of the camera 's best efforts , much poorer results than aligning them on a much bigger , and higher quality , computer display in the comfort and controlled lighting of your home . the best way to take panoramas with this camera is to use a lightmeter to determine exposure for each segment , and then simply take the appropriate series of images as 7mp single-stills , making exposure compensation adjustments based on your light-meter readings . of course , my smallest lightmeter is almost as large as this camera , so we will not be dragging it along . you can eyeball the needed ec close enough that should be able to match the exposures up in production . much better if the v705 allowed the individual images to be saved . reading back through this review , i see that it is mostly negative . this makes sense , for , as i disclosed at the beginning , it was my disappointment in this camera 's actual vs advertised capability which led me to write the review in the first place . likely i have said all that needs to be said . so i will just close by mentioning that the only reason we did not send the camera back is because of the wide-angle lens . except for this unique lens , the camera 's performance and ease of use is below that of similarly priced p&s cameras currently on the market . if you need a true wide-angle p&s , you need this camera . otherwise forget it
11759: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you do not yet own dark side of the moon , wish you were here and the wall , do not even consider purchasing a momentary lapse of reason . amlor is junk by comparison . that said , very few rock albums ever made can hang with those three , and amlor certainly has its bright spots . " learning to fly " and " on the turning away " are as good as anything pink floyd has ever produced . some of the other songs are adequate , but this album does not contain the front-to-back brillance of the earlier floyd releases . it 's definitely worth having , but make sure that you have the others first .
11760: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this tribute was announced almost ten years ago , and it seems to have undergone a transformation since then . to be fair , there are some interesting additions such as the sufjan stevens and brad mehldau tracks . and emmylou harris is brilliant . but sarah mclachlan 's " blue " has been heard before as has prince 's " a case of you . " earlier reports indicated contributions from heaviweights like steely dan and lindsey buckingham . i sure would like to have heard what they would have done . even more disappointing is that joni 's hejira-mingus era albums are mostly ignored - and that was her best music , in my opinion . as a final indignity , it sounds to me that too much compression was added in the mastering phase , and hence the overall sound quality of the cd is lacking in dynamics .
11761: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it is a very dry book and hard to stay interested in . i am barely able to stay awake while reading it . it does have some interesting things
11763: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this thing stinks ! so much digital noise its output is terrible . i do n't know how they can put this thing out and have it be so bad . do n't be fooled thinking wow 8 megs for a low price , i have a 5 meg sony that is many times better . all that noise blows the detail out . get it if you like lots of little green and red flecks in your pictures , other wise stay away
11764: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my children absolutely love this version . they wake at 5 a.m. to play before school . my son says " it 's great- -i 've learned lots of tips , and now i 'm a much better chess player . " why a 4-star and not 5 ? the down-side- -the game does n't allow the player to " save " at a certain level- -totally frustrates the kids when they want to return , they have to start at the beginning again
11765: real: pos ; predicted: neg
at first i didnt like this game because of the graphics but once i learned how to play i really thought it was fun one time i was so interested that i woke up at 8:00am and played the whole game to 11:00pm if you are a horse lover and know some amount about horses you will love this game if you do not like horses you might still like it but i dont know because i am a major horse lover so here are some things in the game - -feed and groom your horse every day . -keep practicing your riding skills you could make it to the championships -they will giveyou tasks to do for instance " breed a horse " . - you can go to the breeders office to breed a horse or you can own a stallion and a mare and buy the breeding pasture and breed them yourselves if you buy this item i hope you have fun with it and hope my review was helpful to you . -libb
11766: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought my kodak v570 less than a year ago . at first the only annoyance i had was the fact that i had to use an attachment to transfer the pictures and that the video was in mov format that made it diffcult to edit . but a few months ago , the focus refused to work properly . in wide angle , it was fine but when i zoomed in , the image was unacceptably blur . i tried every setting , finally gave up and called kodak service . i was asked to mail the camera to sydney from melbourne where i live . a few weeks later , the camera returns with a note that there was noting wrong with it . since i still could not take acceptable pictures , i contacted them again . this time to be told to send pictures via e-mail . i did and to my surprise the answer was that poor lighting caused the shutter speed to slow down and hence the blur images . but the pictures were taken in broad daylight . when i disagreed with the logic of the comment , i was told to call them for a discussion over the phone . but the number they gave me was a fax number . using my resources , i got in touch with technical service by phone . this time i was told to try using a tripod and if the pictures come out alright , it 's probably due to shaky hands ! it 's as though they have people in tech support who have never owned a camera and who have never taken pictures before in their lives . it is so frustrating thinking of the damage the camera has done to my recent india trip when many of the pictures turned out blur . now i have to put up with illogical and incompetent service people . there is no way i will ever buy another kodak again . i can recommend it only to my worst enemies . i have now to , again , send the camera in for troubleshooting and going by the level of service so far , i am not holding my breath for answers . still want to buy a kodak ? go ahead but do n't say i did not warn you . by the way , my other camera is a casio and it works beautifully shaky hands or not
11767: real: neg ; predicted: pos
tylenol is an over-the-counter medication that contains as its active ingredient " acetaminophen " . acetaminophen is an analgesic drug that treats mild to moderate pain , making it a great headache reliever , or a medication that treats mild strains , sprains , toothaches , etc. it also acts to reduce fever . acetaminophen is commonly used in place of aspirin for those allergic to aspirin . one drawback of acetaminophen is that it does not reduce inflammation ( therefore , it has limited use in arthritis swelling reduction ) . it has few side-effects . those with liver disease should avoid acetaminophen , as it is hard on the liver . tylenol ( acetaminophen ) came into great prominence when aspirin fell out of favor due to the incidence of reye 's syndrome and aspirin in children . tylenol is the manufacturer 's proprietary name for acetaminophen . there is a generic form of acetaminophen that is also sold over the counter , and this version is much cheaper than " tylenol " , and the container usually contains more tablets / pills , etc. the generic form of acetaminophen is just as effective as tylenol , just cheaper priced . sometimes acetaminophen is combined with other medications for dual action . for example , tylenol pm has diphenhydramine ( the active ingredient in benadryl ) , which causes sedation and acts like a good sleeping pill . diphenhydramine also is an anti-histamine , so it work for itching and allergies too . tylenol is packaged in different strengths : extra-strength at 500 mg per tablet , standard ( 325 mg per tablet ) , and children 's dose of 80 mg . tylenol may also be packaged in a timed-release version , called " extended release " . rather than the tablet dissolving all at once in the stomach , the tablet slowly releases acetaminophen throughout the digestive tract . all in all , acetaminophen is a great product . if you want a " name brand " of acetaminophen , tylenol is your brand ( although it will cost more ) . my choice is to by the generic brand as it is cheaper by the dozen . jim " konedog " koenig
11770: real: pos ; predicted: neg
really does not get the film noir credit it deserves ( probably from its title with the uninformed film watcher expecting this to be a feature starring dinah shore or other 1940 's musical starlet . ) some very satisfying twists of the old plot make this memorable and high on the repeat viewings scale . gene tierney is wonderfully mercurial - sometimes hot-hot-hot and other times just plain icy cold . this was her only oscar nominated film and you can see why she was picked here . see gene in this and in " laura " and you will see two of the best 1944 leading actress film perfomances
11772: real: pos ; predicted: neg
rock n ' roll history has many example of band / artists unlucky , that did n't get the recognition they deserve . here 's one . what is big star about ? a rock n ' roll , slightly psychodelic , most influenced by beatles and the byrds . the first record ( #1 record - 1972 ) is the battle of two frontman putting one classic pop-rock tune after another . chilton gets the most rock stuff , chris the ballads , and also a contribution from hummel , the hippy " india song " . best moments : in the streets , thirteen , india song , when my baby 's beside me , my life is right . the second album - radio city - 1973. chris left the band , claiming that chilton was getting too much control of everything . for this record , hummel contributes more , the band goes torward some stuff slightly different , like the soul intended o my soul ( maybe a reflection of the record label atmosphere . chilton here also takes full control of the musical direction , the albm sounds not better or worse , but less laboured , sounding in some tracks , more like a rehearsal , with a great garage feeling . stevens goes great on drums , specally on back of a car . best tracks : way out west , life is white ( although the harmonica annoys me a little ) , mod lang ( very bowie mood ) , back of a car , september gurls . at a glance , big star reminds me backing home from school , playing my guitar , calling my girlfriend on the phone and waiting for the weekend to go to the beach . a feeling of youthness that does n't come back , just like those special moments in a band 's career that later , they ca n't catch anymore , no matter how hard they try . for big star , no differ , they would never do anything like these two records . and sadly after bell 's death , chances are zero to none . why did n't they succeeded . well , ego stuff , lack of stax knowledge to deal with rock n ' roll bands , and the dicotomy that was ruling the rock n ' roll scene at the time : hard rock versus progressive rock . and what about big star ? neither hard rock , nor progressive . but , despite all that rubish , big star is pure rock n'roll , guitar band , 70 's style , recognizable in many current bands recording all over the world . big star is eternal .
11773: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was watching cinemax one night , bored out of my mind and unable to sleep , when this movie came on . the acting made me laugh . the premise made me laugh . everything about it made me laugh . hey , at least it was fun to make fun of anyway . just kinda mad that i wasted a good 80 minutes on this piece of crap
11775: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i bought this because it was 50% off . i ca n't see how anybody can get much enjoyment from trying to look at photos on this viewer . i guess for background noise , it would be good but as a photo viewer , it 's not . small screen + low resolution = poor viewer
11778: real: pos ; predicted: neg
so i did the unthinkable . i put windows vista business on my mac- -specifically my mac mini . it works great , no system slow downs and no crashes . the mac handles vista beautifully . i had no problems using boot camp 1.2 in order to install it . the mac drivers for vista ( included with boot camp ) all worked fine . the vista installation took all of about 30 minutes including some updates and such . i had windows xp home on my mac b4 and while it worked well , vista business works much more smoothly . as you may or may not know a mac mini is not exactly a powerhouse computer . i have a 1.66 gigahertz core duo with 1gb of ram on it . it displays the aero interface perfectly especially hooked up to my 32 inch widescreen lcd tv . seems even the lowest cost mac can still make vista shine while most pcs cant . one disclaimer tho . all intel macs can run vista ultimate without a hitch except the mac mini ( which can only go up to business / home premium ) while vista is still behind os x 10.4 ( tiger ) its a much better release from xp . now im just waiting to upgrade my little mac mini in october for the release of os x 10.5 ( leopard )
11782: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck
11788: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my wife and i , huge fans of ` america 's next top model ' and ` project runway ' , were very excited about seeing this film . why it took us this long still baffles me , but as of friday night we had the pleasure of seeing ` the devil wears prada ' and let me just say that it was quite the pleasure . now , most if not all the praise has been heaped on the shoulders of meryl streep , and while she was outstanding , this film is more than just a meryl painted canvas . there are four brilliant performances in this film and they all are deserving of praise . first is anne hathaway who plays andrea sachs , a young aspiring journalist who takes a job working as miranda priestly assistant at ` runway magazine' . anne hathaway proves with her performance that she 's all grown up . no , that 's not to take away from her more adult roles in more adult films like ` havoc ' and the masterpiece ` brokeback mountain ' , but here anne proves that she can do adult comedy , not falling back into her teen goofiness that made her famous in ` the princess diaries ' but keeping everything smart and mature . she has enough poise and grace to match wits with miranda , and she does so elegantly . next up is emily blunt who plays emily , miranda 's first assistant ( there are two , andrea being the second ) . emily has worked her butt off to get to where she is , slaving for the unruly priestly and it 's all about to pay off with a trip alongside miranda to paris . the only thing standing in her way is andrea , for if andrea fails miserably then it reflects poorly on emily . emily blunt turns out i think the best performance of the bunch for she has enough sass , enough attitude and enough wit to make her pop out from the screen and stand out no matter who is sharing the screen with her . stanley tucci also does wonderfully here as nigel , miranda 's second in command . he is there to make sure everything is perfect , and also help andrea adjust . stanley always has done great backup work , playing second hand man to just about everyone , but here he really makes his performance his own and owns it . he delivers some of the funniest lines in the film but he never feels like the ` token gay guy' ...he 's needed in this film , not filler , and he commands his scenes and really stands out amidst the crowd . and then , of course , we have meryl streep who plays the ruthless tyrant known as miranda priestly . what i was most impressed about was the way meryl underplays every word , every emotion , every scene , which is not what i expected . i really expected her to go all glen close and reincarnate cruella but she did n't ( thankfully ) and instead turned out one of the most inspired performances of the year . she must have had fun playing the snooty self absorbed and above all selfish editor-in-chief of ` runway' . she lets us see inside her character briefly ( when crying over another failed marriage ) but her character is more about shutting off feeling in order to succeed and so we do n't get to see the real miranda because we 're not supposed to . carried by these four brilliant performances ` the devil wears prada ' is a fabulous film that will make you laugh and make you smile and will impress almost anyone . the script is brilliantly adapted from lauren weisberger 's novel , and while it 's not an exact replica ( are any adaptations these days ? ) it carries the same wit but smoothes things out to make it more approachable and , in my eyes , more enjoyable . bravo
11791: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this film is one big joke : you have all the basics elements of romance ( love at first sight , great passion , etc. ) and gangster flicks ( brutality , dagerous machinations , the mysterious don , etc. ) , but it is all done with the crudest humor . it 's the kind of thing you either like viserally and immediately " get " or you don't . that is a matter of taste and expectations . i enjoyed it and it took me back to the mid80s , when nicolson and turner were in their primes . the acting is very good , if a bit obviously tongue-in-cheek . recommended
11796: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the only redeeming quality about this gps system is that it 's cheap . i used it on a 1 , 000 mile trip on the east coast the week after i got it . the navigation is poor . i found that i often had to look over to the laptop screen because i was " off route " so often due to the poor maps . the system repeated the same annoying problems that i see in other feedback . 1 ) the unit would show me being off the road even though i was on an interstate . in this case it would continually recalculate the route and diretc me to take exits to get off the highway and circle around . 2 ) it directed me to make turns onto one-way streets in the wrong direction . 3 ) it could not locate a poi that turned out to be a few hundred yards away 4 ) it often did not know the correct side of the road for my destination 5 ) it does n't provide a chime when it 's time for a turn . it will tell you the turn is a half-mile ahead , but that might be the last time you hear an instruction . 6 ) in one case , it got me to my destination ( at least close enough ) but could n't guide me back to my starting point . the gps receiver seemed to acquire and hold the satellite signal well . but the maps are poor , as is the verbal instruction - it sounds like a 1980 's computer generated voice . if you 're looking for a trustworthy guide in unfamiliar areas - this is n't it . this is going back asap .
11797: real: pos ; predicted: neg
compared to the first humidifier i got from walmart , this cute cow is absolutely quiet and working just perfect . oh , well i just got it yesterday so it 's too early to say perfect , but considering others ' reviews , i am pretty confident that i am gonna love it longer than at the first sight . the only thing is i do n't know where to put it . the power cord has to be plugged into a wall socket and the cord is not long . i am a little concern that the nearby stuff such as my wood chair or chest , or even other electrical appliances will get damaged by surrounded with the emitting mist all the time
11799: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i do weddings , portrait , and outdoor photography and i do n't see any reason why i 'd ever switch from the d70 ( other than the d80 : ) . this camera is professional grade at the consumer price point . do n't be scared by the 6.1 mp . i print at 20x30 all the time w / out any problems . i 'd recommend reading thom hogans manual
11802: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i run the after school program at the local jr high where i work . we try to push the importance of computer skills on the children . i just upgraded to the 800 , 000 clip art library . we use these images for just about every project . i have never wanted a certain type of image and not been able to find it ! ! !
11804: real: pos ; predicted: neg
but a good debut album . this is when i felt proud knowin ja was from ny . no radio friendly s*** here just street for the most part . but i guess when you were never really gangsta in the first place you ca n't keep talkin about it , which is why i guess he changed his style . now the subject i wanna hit . has anyone noticed that guy named progressive ? why does amazon allow goofs who hate hip hop trash our culture ? and everytime i turn around its some damn rocker / junkie hippie . last time i checked rhythm and melody was part of music . i dont hear none of those when i through on heavy metal or rock . i 'm tired of our music bein trashed . you know what im a go trash one of they " artist " right now
11807: real: pos ; predicted: neg
if you 've found these reviews , you already know this lens is one of the best canon products out there . i did not bite on the is version , and i have not found myself ever wishing i did ; this lens is everything it 's hyped up to be and performs well in low-light / indoor situations . i do n't think it 's weight is that big a deal . i really do n't have any problem carrying this lens around for a day - - in my hands or in a bag - - even with a 1.4 extender attached . it can feel a bit heavy but i do n't mind , and neither will you when you see the results later on . i 've used this a lot for shooting professional baseball and it 's landed me front page ink several times . in my mind , i could get the 1.4 extender with this lens and give myself a 70-280 range , which is pretty adequate for most sports and nature photography , considering the 300 f / 2.8 and it 's friends are much , much more expensive . the lens works basically just as fast and sharp , in my opinion , with the 1.4 at f / 4 , although some may debate this . flip on any baseball or football game and you will see this lens around the neck of most every pro . if you can swing the price , enjoy it ! my advice is to continue reading up on this or similar products , although i found most everyone agreed , this is one of the finest lens around . it 's one that makes people stop and stare and wonder who you are
11808: real: pos ; predicted: neg
these guys and this album rocks . just because the songs force you to move other parts of your body beside your head , does n't ' demote ' it to pop . props to the great use of two bass guitars . released amid the misery / grunge rock explosion of the early 90 's , this was a great escape into rock that just simply made you feel good again . this album is highly recommended . kill your television , grey cell green , cut up , throwing things , happy , and until you find out are just an awesome experience . if you can find the grey cell green single release , i highly recommend that for the track entitled ' trust . '
11809: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i read this book for a book report , and because i could not choose another one i could not stop reading it . because i was forced to read this book i now have the knoledge and misfortune of this pathetically boring story . the steriotypical characters hurried through the story full of excuses . 1 star for one very boring book
11810: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this small and cheep hood can save you realy a lot of money . it 's doeing it job wonderful keeps you pictures brigth and clear , but also the hood protect you lens from a lot of things which trying to hit you lens
11811: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this " special addiction " dvd of " reefer madness from twentieth century fox home entertainment is truly awesome ! ! ! includes both original black and white and colorized versions of the now cult classic ! ! ! plus some great extras too , including 2 commentaries and the hilarious " gandpa 's marijuana handbook " ! two thumbs up ! ! ! five stars ! !
11816: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this cd is a confusing mix of punk bands , from pop-punk 's sum 41 & amp ; good charlotte to punk favorites alkaline trio , vandetta red , & amp ; the casualties to bands that i 've never even heard of such as unsung zeros , ozma , & amp ; destruction made simple . i reccomend this cd if you 're looking for new bands to like & amp ; listen to . although it 's a confusing cd , it gives you new ideas of just how deep you 're going to go in the punk underground
11818: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i was expecting to see a decent film by bava , but after having seen about 5 of his films , i can only guess that is he is a very good stylist but he lacks the capability to engage us with a story or to even scare us . most of his films are gorgeous to behold but they are vapid and have no story , this film is just like all the rest . there is no point to any of it , there is no plot and hardly any suspense , suffice it to say it might be interesting for a 12 year old horror goof but to an adult , its quite tedious . chris lee is rather banal also , he does n't do much and it seems that he dubbed his own voice in the studio , most of the cast is rather dull also , supposedly playing some ancient noble family , they look more like 1960 's mop heads and morons who were on too much acid . the dialogue , what there is , is crude , probably written by a drunk italian because there are so many mistakes , one example was when lee was whipping the lady on the beach and she says , " i ca n't have more ice cream ! " so , i would suggest renting " planet of the vampires " because that is more enjoyable than this waste . interesting character to note was " lesmo " , dubbed as the " european peter lorre " who does n't have much in the way of presence or acting skills and he looks like a cross between a frog and a midget .
11822: real: neg ; predicted: pos
you know , after really trying to like this album , i must agree with k johnson . oftentimes a really good album sounds horrible ( or just plain plain ) upon one or three spins , so when this album did n't move me the first time , i decided to hang back and try again in a few days . then again . and again . and one more time . usually after three or four complete spins ( which was like work , with this one ) the jems will work there way to the surface . sufjian stevens was like that . so was z by my morning jacket . but the problem was that i really wanted to like this one . all the reviews i read were hyping this as the album of the decade , and i wanted them to be right . unfortunately , none of them were right . it is a plodding , lifeless album wanting desperately to be ' hip ' and failing miserably , to the point of being embarassing almost . like your 40 something hipster college prof with a graying ponytail ( who will love this , by the way ) , it will be pointless to argue with those who like this album . i have to say that it is obvious these guys put a lot of work into this , and they do have talent ; it just does n't get me there . i hope they can live up to the hype next time . i truly do. .
11826: real: neg ; predicted: pos
when i discovered the existence of this novel , i was enthusiastic and intrigued . unfortunately , my hopes were more or less dashed as i trundled my way through the 382 pages . kleopatra focuses on the famous queen 's early years - a period of time of which we have no record - and the intrigues that haunted and led to the demise of any semblance of a family ( something she may have compensated for in adulthood ) . what i liked : 1 ) . the spelling of kleopatra / cleopatra with a " k " - it really does emphasize that hellenistic connection ; 2 ) kleopatra 's strength of character - essex 's general characterization is appropriate and it 's easy to see what kleopatra will become . although the novel is a noble attempt by karen essex , it just did n't work for me . the character of berenike as an amazon seemed a bit far-fetched . and although i loved kleopatra 's love interest ( i wo n't give away his name ! ) , i felt it was a bit far-fetched as well , almost as if essex was pressured into a love story from the publisher or something . kleopatra 's dionysian rites were also a little hard to believe , as was mohama . there were also scenes of random sex that were a bit.. . unnecessary . overall , although kleopatra was a strong , believable character , she was in the minority . the novel as a sort of back-story to the queen of egypt did n't work as it was weighed down by the elements of fiction ! at least the sequel is better . for fiction that works , check out the memoirs of cleopatra by margaret george .
11827: real: pos ; predicted: neg
over the years at various jobs , i have seen this flashlight several times . it is abused and subjected to the most terrible chemical and physical abuse . it may end up looking beat up and yucky , but they always work , no matter what the contractor or whomever does to it . if you need a reliable flashlight for the toolbox , work truck , pick-up glove compartment , etc. , this is the only one you need . if you need a good flashlight at home , and tired of buying and throwing out all those junky flashlights from the grocery store , this one will be the last flashlight you will ever have to buy . i finally bought one just for my home , and i am only sorry i did not do this years ago ( i am also happy to have one of these things that is not totally beat up like the one in my toolbox ; i refuse to replace it ) . i like this version because it has a strong magnet , and you stick onto the refrigerator or the side of your truck . i also like that it has switch guards , so it will not be accidentally turned on because it is buried beneath 25# of stuff in your toolbox . one nit-picky complaint . it has a clip for a spare bulb behind the reflector . however , it comes empty and you have to supply your own , so buy a spare bulb at the same time you buy this flashlight .
11828: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i have six children and had been feeling extremely fatigued ( like i could hardly move ) . i had been taking a general multi-vitamin from a local warehouse store . i started taking the nature 's plus source of life , and i felt so much better . my energy level has increased dramatically , and i just feel good . great quality product
11829: real: neg ; predicted: pos
what they said was that katy ca n't rock just yet because she 's a raw talent and not yet coherent in theme . i saw her live on the chicks with attitude tour with liz phair and the cardigans and charlotte martin and rose was the worst performer of the night . the first problem is that her voice just is n't that strong , secondly , her lyrics never come out as if they 're honest and as if they are always a pretension that people feel a cool girl growing up should say . throughout her set , there was only one song that stuck out as an interesting and unique thing ( passingly honest as well ) and that was " snowflake . " it 's fitting that the song was preceded by an ironic intro about how she 's lived in california for a long time , but she hates warm weather , sounds impossible , but she must be truthful because it 's the only song that breaks out of the leaden grunge guitar mix and hits the audience over the head with songcraft . i 'm sure she has potential for the future , but i think on her next album she should take a hint from beth orton who 's known previous to her most recent album for being a popular artist in the realm of trip hop . stripping down your sound brings the utmost fundamentals of your idea and sound out , and i think that could be helpful for her to put on record
11830: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i mean come on , who needs 5 blades right ? well , after thoughtful consideration of the major improvement that the mach iii was over a twin head razor , i decided that $10 was worth the price of a cheap thrill so i took the plunge , and to my surprise this thing works beyond my expectations . the first thing i noticed was that this new fusion has a more powerful engine than the mach iii . the second thing i found was that this razor gives me a much closer shave than the mach iii , and with very little effort , and those tight spots that my old razor would always miss are not a problem anymore . and i find this razor to be very comfortable without a single nick that others have complained about . but i do use this razor strictly for my face if you know what i mean . haw haw 5 blade
11833: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i got a nikon laser rangefinder for chrisymas and it had an 8x magnification . i found this to be to powerful for golf.i could not hold it steady on the flag.the 6x magnification on the bushnell yardage pro scout was much better . also it is very compact and stores easily in my golf cart . the price from amazon was well below i could find anywhere else .
11834: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this is a great value - probably one of the best shower heads i 've used . yes - there are better ones for $100+ , but this is absolutely amazing
11839: real: pos ; predicted: neg
excellent book ! i would have liked to have seen the author delve into several more of the cadets ' lives , but what 's there is great
11841: real: neg ; predicted: pos
a great idea poorly executed . the construction is cheap . the screen is marginal at best . but worst of all , it refuses to recognize any of the 3 digital cameras i have on hand or a usb card reader . a piece of junk that i am now returnin
11847: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is the first review i have written in probably a few years . normally , i do n't feel strongly enough about any product , good or bad , to bother entering a review . with this new version of quicken , i have something that i feel strongly enough to write about . i have been using quicken for close to 20 years . i have built all of my finances around it . for the past 6 years , quicken has been going steadily downhill . this latest version , i hope , represents rock bottom . i do n't see how the product could possibly get any worse . words cannot describe how bad this product is . no functionality has been added in the previous 6 years . what has happened is that the screen has become more cluttered with more links to quicken 's " financial partners " , and more redundant links to other , old , program features , and more white space . in return , the user has to page through tab after tab after tab to view the same information that previously fit on only 1 screen . further , each screen refresh now takes seconds , whereas in older versions a screen refresh was instantaneous . entering a simple transaction may require this bloated sofware to generate 2 , 3 , even 4 complete screen refreshes , each one taking maybe 1 to 2 seconds . that means , once you hit the " enter " key to complete a transaction , you can be waiting as long as 8 seconds before you can move on to entering the next transaction . as little as 3 years ago the same step required less than a second . obviously , time required will vary with your computer - but it is bad enough that quicken now requires you to " downgrade " your quicken software every few years - it is also necessary for you to replace your entire computer system at the same time just so you can realize the same performance level as you had in the previous version . all of this with no additional features or functionality . there is a new kid on the block that i am switching to . it is called " moneydance " . it can import data from quicken , it is fast , compact , and runs on any platform , windows , linix , unix , mac , even os / 2. it is easier to use than quicken and the support is great . it is available for download - a functional evaluation version is free and the full version is only $30. you can actually speak to a person to get help w / out having to pay . since i have been using quicken for years , it will take a while to test mondeydance out to make sure it works properly . i am running the 2 side-by-side for a while to make sure the numbers agree . so far , things are going well . then i plan to dump quicken forever . the well has run dry at quicken ; everyone who made the product great has apparently left the company . obviously the people at quicken are free to make their product as bloated and as cumbersome as they want . but they should not be allowed to force people to downgrade . yet , that is what they are doing . i am absolutely positively through with quicken , and i am not coming back
11848: real: neg ; predicted: pos
alright , so her childhood was a bit different than your average white middle-income childhood . should this motivate anybody to write a completely non-imaginative , devoid of any insights book ? do n't be fooled by the exotic side of it . a poor writer can ruin a story , regardless of the exotic locale . if you were expecting to find an " international " jewel like jhumpa lahiri 's " the namesake " or zadie smith 's " on beauty " , you will be greatly disappointed . if you are into africa , read something that has more than the exotic place to say for itself . ben okri 's " the famished road " ( booker prize winner ) or the palm-wine drinkard and my life in the bush of ghosts ( paperback ) by amos tutuola will be much better choices .
11850: real: pos ; predicted: neg
hard to figure why sean stewart is n't one of the most beloved writers in america , given the virtuoso performance he 's demonstrated here and the remarkably sympathetic character he 's created in will kennedy . a combination horror / fantasy work which is as reminiscent of a confederacy of dunces as it is ghosts , by hynd , this novel is filled with so much warmth and life that it 's hard to remember that this actually is a story about a man who understands that the past , too , can be a ghost , and perhaps the worst kind . perfect circle is everything every other supposed 5-star horror novel featured on amazon is supposed to be : well-written , compelling , with rich , empathetic characters and a driving force and tension all its own . it 's a wonderful introduction to mr. stewart 's work
11851: real: neg ; predicted: pos
do n't waste your time and money on this product . i have gone thru 3 of these in the last 6 months , two in the last week . all of them have had defective switches . amazon should not sell this product the quality of the switches is unacceptably poor . 3 / 13 / 0
11852: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this is tough because this camera takes beautiful pictures . and it takes wonderful video . the downloading is easy and in general it 's a " fine " camera . however... . the flash on it is nothing short of a nightmare . it 's constantly over exposing every subject . i find it practically un-usable . the only way i can get the image i 'm looking for in a lower light setting is to set the iso to 800. if it had a 1600 iso i would n't need the flash at all practically but it does n't offer that . the other thing i do n't like that i did n't realize i would n't like is that it does n't have it 's own cradle in which to charge the batteries . the batteries have to be removed and charged seperately . does n't sound like a big deal but it is a pain when you think about it . the batteries lose their charge even when the camera is n't on which results in picking up the camera after 2 days and realizing it has no juice . intensely dissatisfying . this camera also has a really long delay from pushing the button to taking the picture . this results in lots of closed eyes and stupid faces . i know that most digitals have a delay but this one is epic . i am getting ready to sell this camera and buy a canon . i am a wedding photographer and shoot mostly with my canon 5d . but since this was rated camera of the year by american photo ( a publication i trust implicitly ) , i decided to stray from my canon . bad idea . i 'm going right to a powershot . do not pass go . do not collect $200. i reccommend you do the same .
11854: real: pos ; predicted: neg
english humor is famous for it 's eccentricities but with the exception of selected monty python you need the english pedigree to really like it . the young ones pick up where monty left off . outrageous , yet real , there is a plot line but it does n't get in the way . it 's a shame there were n't more episodes made... .
11855: real: pos ; predicted: neg
we all have from time to time brought those heavy bottle of liquid detergent to the washing machine , and breaking our backs in the process . thankfully , all small & mighty might be a unique solution . it is a concentrated detergent that works with the capacity of a traditional 100 ounce bottle . i like it because it really does a great job at cleaning clothes that have n't been completely spotless from all those tough messes from other methods . i really think that everyone should own this product because it saves a lot of headaches , while being true to its price . that 's all ! price : b+ convience : a - overall : b+
11857: real: pos ; predicted: neg
mountain music offers what alabama is famous for , great music and great harmony all packaged together . the title cut is great , that harmonica and & quot ; old man of the mountain&quot ; intro is unique . as for & quot ; close enough to perfect&quot ; if any man sings that song to his lady , she is his forever . the cuteness of & quot ; never be one&quot ; also reminds us of the sadness that our children grow up so fast we hardly know it . there is n't a bad song on the whole cd and will make a good addition to any collection
11858: real: neg ; predicted: pos
she is a little poser ! ! ! kimi is the most gross and irritating of the babies . wearing that stupid little diaper , always so happy . she wo n't be so happy when i kick her between the legs . also , those stupid little cowboy boots . she really sucks . i 'd like to see her get really injurewd and cry . that shown her ! ! ! the movie was good , but she stinks
11861: real: neg ; predicted: pos
it is obvious that this movie is full of lies . although i have not actually seen it , i know this to be true because i have seen many discussions on the movie on the fox news channel ( god bless them ! ) . the way he attacks poor mr. heston is deplorable . ca n't michael moore tell from the comments charlton made at the rallies that he does n't have his faculties about him ? i am also unsure that mr. heston even said the things that the movie shows him saying . the ability of hollywood to manipulate and edit sound is truly amazing , making it appear that my president ( heston ) is an uncaring , babbling idiot by simply using his own words - shame on you michael ! and as for the way he got the gun from the bank , i agree with the other posters that the entire point of a bank giving away free guns is completely nullified by the fact that they did n't give him the gun the minute he walked into the bank . bravo to those who figured that out . also , michael moore is fat . take that pinkie
11862: real: neg ; predicted: pos
eb own words : " unfortunately , at this time the britannica software is not compatible with windows vista . we are working on developing another version of the 2007 software that will work on windows vista and we are planning to release this version in the upcoming months . please check back with us in another month or so and we should have some more information about the vista-compatible software . but , it is entirely possible that we will not have windows vista compatible version of the 2007 product available and that we will wait until the development of the 2008 software . " they do not offer a reasonable on-line subscription
11864: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this product offers much to chose from and i really liked the photos . however , i have yet to get this program to work right . i am able to view the photos but when i go into the the export wizard to save the photos , the photo has a transparency over the top of it , instead of in the background . i tried bypassing the export wizard by right clicking on the selected photo and saving . this also inserts the transparency over the photo . i called hemera in canada and they instructed me to call encore usa in ca for support . encore usa said they could n't help me . encore 's technical support is " limited to crashes , error messages and lockups " . i also referred to their website hoping to find help in the knowledge base or faq's . there was very little about this software and no help to be found . i wasted my money on a product i ca n't use and that offers no support for issues out of my control .
11867: real: pos ; predicted: neg
really strong when just sprayed , but after a little while it gets soft , but at the same time not too soft . the perfume lasts for few hours , by the time i go to bed , the scent would still be there faintly , and i fall asleep to it . it is fresh and strong at first , then soft and sweet . love it
11868: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this was one of the first lenses that i purchased with my rebel xt . now after taking several thousand pictures with it i can honestly say it was well worth the cost . i very rarely have any unsharp pictures with this lens unless it is my own fault by trying to use too slow of a shutter speed without a tripod . i also have the 180mm f / 3.5l macro lens , which costs about 3 times more than this lens , and although it is very clear and the extra reach is nice at times especially since it can be used with both the 1.4x and 2x tc 's , it is very difficult to use inside without a tripod . the 60mm can be handheld if needed with very good results even if you have to bump your iso up a little to do so . i have also used this lens for both inside and outside portrait work with very nice results . all-in-all , given it 's small size and light weight i very rarely leave this lens behind when i go out because you never know when you might see a great macro shot
11869: real: neg ; predicted: pos
as much as i like most of the songs on this cd...it 's just too short . also the production is lousy . the recording quality sounds awful in places . hopefully , the updated compilations are better . this one is not worth the money ! ! !
11870: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my personal favorite dashboard cd . every other one of their cds have maybe a few good songs that i like , but the places you have come to fear the most has pretty much a solid tack lis
11871: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i love everything about this camera but....the display is very touchy . i only owned the camera for 2 months and my display broke . i had it in a case and must have bumped it just right . my display shattered . mind you there is not a view finder so you can only guess what you are taking pictures of . this is not covered under your warranty . my camer has been in the repair shop for 3 weeks now and since the camera is so new there is no parts available yet . so i am sitting here with no camera , which is really bothersome since i love taking pictures . i figured i would spend more for a nice quality camera and have no worries but who knew this would happen ! so i highly recommend this camera but you must be very very careful with it !
11872: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was n't sure what to expect when i 1st tried this two-part microdermabrasion & peel kit . i use it twice a week , and what a difference it has made on my skin . the only thing is , i wish they made a bigger bottle of the peel . mariann
11873: real: neg ; predicted: pos
during my teenage years i was a fan of wwf wrestling and specifically , the rock . he was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest , most disgusting lines ever mentioned on wwf tv . his talent in the ring was spot-on , and the rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete . he rarely made a mistake in the ring.. . but he made a huge mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to hollywood . it 's not that doom is really a bad movie . sure , it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters . it 's just a normal , monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense , and that 's it . i 'm sure the movie would 've been big had it been released 10 years ago . todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as doom . okay , so it does go somewhere , but the film is n't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story . doom is the kind of movie you do n't really want to seek out - you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix , so you rent the movie , watch it , and then forget about it the next morning . of course , i 'm sure you do n't forget to rewind the tape because that 's impolite . the rock never should have left wrestling . it was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans ( and the rock means millions ) really miss him . come back home , rock . please
11877: real: pos ; predicted: neg
finally a plan that works ! i have been able to keep my ideal weight , feel great and still enjoy the beneficial foods for my blood type ! this book makes a difference for those out there who have had problems with weight gain or poor health . try it ! my friend recommended this book highly [...
11878: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i liked this movie when i first saw it and i seen it about 10 times.. . i like to watch any movie that involves gangs ( especially bloods & crips ) so i can learn from them.. . if you 're looking or are just a collector like me of gang movies.. . you may not want this one in your collection.. . becuase to me , it does n't show enough bloods & crips in it... . the characters are fictional....there are some minor gangs in it as well called the white fences ( latino / hispanic gang - i 've never heard of this gang , so i do n't know if they are true or not . ) . the actors who play the gang members of the white fences are good actors though.. . i think they are better then don cheadle and wayans who play crip members.. . this movie centers more on white fence and their rivalry w / crips.. . there 's not too much focus on bloods in here.. . it also more focuses on sean penn 's character and robert duvall too ( good cop / bad cop ) , and penn on how he falls in love w / a former gangmember woman in the white fence gang . colors is a good watch...i just wish it had more gang focus in it...and more gang sets ( chapters , i.e. eight tray gangsters , hoover , etc.. . ) if you 're looking for a good gang buy , buy the book " monster " by sanyika shakur a.k.a. monster kody scott , or " do or die " by leon bing . those 2 books far surpasses this movie. .
11882: real: pos ; predicted: neg
my first monk album was monk 's dream from columbia . i loved that album 15 years ago and had been searching for the same satisfaction from the multitude of monk recordings from the blue note years , presitge , and riverside . what monk 's dream offered that the prior work lacked , was production . raw , edgy , spontaneous ...yes all those recordings offered that . but i longed for that sense of confidence , tightness and richness of sound monk 's deream provided . i found that in this set which makes sense since monk 's dream came out of these sessions at columbia . so what if these are reworks of the old stuff...they sound just as new and gripping & quot ; produced&quot ; as they did in their earlier days without big money helping out . will i throw out my older stuff and just play this ? no chance..there is a time for polish and a time for purity
11883: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i saw her perform most of these songs on austin city limits . i must admit i had n't paid much attention to her since her debut album , back when i was playing in country bands . much of this material is kinda introspective , but hey , on the plus side you get great vocals , well crafted songs , tons of sincerity and just flat out integrity from this great artist who does n't have to pretend she is anything she isn't . and these days , that is pretty refreshing ! i think i am becoming a fan
11887: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i use adobe acrobat professional extensively both as an attorney and as a researcher / author . because of the new features advertised which would enhance acrobat storage of powerpoint presentations , i bought it off the shelves at a local staples office supply dealer . i am proficient at my own installations and expected no trouble on this . it acted like a virus . the program did not finish installing . worse yet , it corrupted the underlying 7.0 installation and fixed that so the windows controller program could not install it . i had to hack through the registry to remove traces of it . finally i got to a stage where it appeared to be going through the registry process again . then i received the coup de grace - - a bad serial number message . i checked carefully and it matched the serial number exactly as on the label sent by adobe inside its factory package . i used microsoft onenote to make a colored screen copy of this phenonema and marched the package back to staples where they refunded my money . it 's too bad about the 20 plus billable hours as a lawyer lost to this process . my experiences in calling adobe in the past when i puzzled through a far lesser discourage me from wanting to talk to their technical support people ( who too often know less than me given the increasingly apparent out-sourcing to people who read from a script and give us credit for knowing far less than we do ) . at any rate , i am now bitter . my 7.08 installation of adobe worked great on my favorite computer where i had the bulk of my multimedia presentations which i hoped to reduce complete with sounds to the adobe 8.0 format . i suspect that wrong serial numbers were slapped on the packages . i am deeply disappointed , even angry at the inconvenience this has caused me . i took it home and tried it on my desktop there and it also would not complete the installation and ruined my chances of a clean uninstallation of 7.0. deactivation of 7.0 could not take place either after installation of 8.0. i do n't know what adobe was thinking - - or if they were thinking . i have been a loyal customer of theirs for many years , but i 'm thinking distinctly non-charitable thoughts about them this early morning . i hope they get their act together - - soon . they owe us all a quick fix and patch and they need deep repentance for the damage this did to windows xp home installations which also appear to be corrupted in the process of installing this " upgrade " program which acts more like a computer worm or virus than a program
11888: real: neg ; predicted: pos
another film in the never-ending series of " giant animated snake eats people " films that have been plaguing us for almost a decade . the creators of a maximum-security prison in the antarctic drill into a hollow rock formation and disturb the ten-million-plus slumber of 80-foot hungry reptile . there 's nothing more to this film than that . " boa " ( also known as " new alcatraz " ) actually takes itself seriously instead of reveling in its silliness , which i do n't think was a smart idea . the technical team - photography , production design-set decoration , etc. - create a fairly effective , chilling atmosphere , but everything else about " boa " is strictly routine . dean cain does a job i would describe as tolerable , although elizabeth lackey is just that - lacking - as his wife , and the supporting cast ( mark sheppard , grand l . bush , craig wasson ) is just a touch more professional . the film-makers actually make the wise move of mostly keeping the snake in the dark so we ca n't see just how fake it looks . i do n't really recommend it unless you actually happen to enjoy this sort of thing to begin with ; other , similar titles include " python " 1 and 2 , " anaconda " ( the original hokey animated killer snake movie of 1997 ) and " anaconda : search for the blood orchid " , and the inevitable " boa vs. python " . the dvd includes a few trailers and filmographies for the director and principal actors . 2 /
11891: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the product advertisement is misleading or incomplete ( no picture of the actual contents ) . the following quote is from fuji mall : " ac adapter : charge your batteries at home or around the world with the travel adapters . " what it fails to mention is that the charger is an external charger only , and you cannot power the camera or charge batteries while in the camera . i was looking for an ac adapter that i can power the camera ( and charge it 's batteries inside the camera ) . the nimh cells are not the 2500 ma / hr rating that comes with the e900 camera ( they are 2000 ma / hr , but this was noted in the product specifications ) . i teach a photography class and needed an ac adapter to power each camera used during the class while demonstrating . this product does not meet this criteria . it can however charge up to 4-aa batteries at a time , and includes an auto adapter which is handy . case is bulky , not small enough to tote an e900 conveniently when not bringing the charger equipment
11892: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this ia a top rated anti virus softare.the price is good and the software is great
11895: real: pos ; predicted: neg
these wipes are just as soft and durable as pampers , but much less expensive ! they are not alcohol-free , unfortunately - though i have noticed that those wipes which are alcohol-free contain citric acid ( fyi ) . quick , free delivery
11897: real: neg ; predicted: pos
item never came . however in their defense refund was promptly given out . i only wish that i had a chance to receive this one
11898: real: neg ; predicted: pos
i recently purchased the obus forme lowback backrest , along with the seat cushion . although i have heard people rave about the excellent support , and they felt comfortable enough to me , i ca n't give them more than 2 stars . the material used in their construction drove me to distraction . this is obviously a personal preference type of thing . other folks may have no issues with the material at all . these are just my feelings on the matter : i found the texture of the fabric to be a little rough and it did n't allow easy movement when sitting on / leaning against it , which would drive me crazy after just a few hours at work . also , when making any movements , the compression of the foam , and the friction between it and the fabric covering , made really annoying noises . it reminded me somewhat of snow compressing down when walking on it . the backrest was even worse than the seat cushion because it had a thin plastic wrapping ( looked sort of like shrink wrap or saran wrap ) around the foam inside , which made loud crinkling noises every time i even twitched . it was awful ! however good the science behind the backrest and cushion is , the sound effects and unpleasant texture were distracting enough , to me at least , to return both items .
11899: real: pos ; predicted: neg
i was requested to write a review by amazon . i felt this request was premature since i used this product only for a month . so far i am quite satisfied with the user friendlyness , price , and ability to use and clean the shaver in wet environment .
11901: real: neg ; predicted: pos
this album is way overated , let me tell you why . wack mc : mf doom is a bad rapper , not the worst , just bad . he can flow but his rymes are weak , corny , and somtimes it doesnt make sense at all . the corniest ryme i heard was - " we rock the house like rock ' n roll / got more soul than a sock with a hole . " lmao ! it gets worse " take it from the tec-9 holder / they bit and dont know they neck shine from shinola " what is he talking about ? ? ? he is not a genius mc , nas is , he is even worse than aesop rock . which they rap with words and dont even make any sense . filler : this cd has too much filler , they have like 10 songs that last only 50 secs . some of them is not even neccasary . average beats : the beats are either average or just sucks . i can make better beats on fruity loops . however track 22 " rhinestone cowboy " had the best beat on the entire album . the beat was hot to tell you the truth , but that only gives it one star . overall this album sucks , just download " rhinestone cowboy " and call it a day . i think madlib can make good beats its just that he didnt show it here . i dont recommend this album , if you want a good album get mos def " black on both sides " it 10x better than this
11903: real: pos ; predicted: neg
impressed with the way it clears out viruses , spyware , and trojans- --i can look at what it 's doing or just let it do it . that all goes well . what i do n't like is it requires a password for everything even my usual automatic sign-me-in sites and i ca n't figure how to change this . so the instructions are not as specific as would be helpful
11904: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the text is ok and the way the story is cut up in frames and assembled is competent , but the drawings are the work of a hack , often tacky and always styleless and garishly colored . the costumes and settings are totally lacking in imagination and carry no semantic weight . the attempts to create a visual equivalent for the musical leitmotifs of the operas are too literal and very much in the spirit of a mechanical translation from opera to comic book . an affront to connoisseurs of either opera or comics or both . only valuable as a kitschy curiosity
11907: real: pos ; predicted: neg
( .... ) . it takes some getting used to , but after a couple of weeks it provides a very comfortable shave . i got razor burn on my neck for the first couple weeks , but i think i was pressing too hard like i had to with my old razor . just a light touch gives a close shave . the attachable sideburn trimmer does n't do a very good job in my opinion , but i kept my old razor that worked better for that purpose . the gel packs go pretty quickly , but maybe i 'm using too much . i 'm still trying to get the hang of it . it 's a different experience than your basic razor
11910: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the story here dose n't matter . the main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending . scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and murphy is blessed with a reprieve but rourke pays the full price for his evil concoction , meth . quirky directing and film editing can be somewhat distracting but not meaningless . roberts is so gay you want to smack his face . he an rourke have history on film and play out their familiarity . rourke is phenomonal again as an immoral genius , a role he plays better than anyone today in film . br
11912: real: pos ; predicted: neg
this flash is the perfect back-up for a studio , or main / flash fill for an amateur studio . i use several w / slaves and lines and the images rival set-ups that cost thousands of dollars . i like that they are light and easy to pack and transport . they are reasonably priced . they have been around for a long time and do not have bells and whistles . the sunpak has auto / f-stop and manual . if you are a real photographer , you will know how to use them . the down side is that if your sunpak is plugged into a wall , it takes far too long to recharge ( sometimes 3-5 seconds ) . rechargeable batteries seem to work the best with 1-3 second recharge times between flashes .
11914: real: neg ; predicted: pos
the pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell - - what are these " packaging engineers " thinking ? it took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it , and then i took the scissors to it , and the hard packaging almost broke them ! but i was thrilled . a handsome object , thought i , and i loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open . so much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband . i yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed . but , alas , it would not follow instructions as they were written . " press and hold the set button . hour display blinking . " ( could they not have said , " the hour display will blink " ? i pressed . " press memory button to adjust the hour . " i did . the memory button never did a thing . so i asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either . we both tried several combinations of maneuvers , but nothing worked . to this moment , the hour display is blinking , blinking , blinking . i 'd like to get my money back , but ya know what ? j & r music & computer world in ny demand such a rigamarole to send it back , including with all the original packaging ( i threw the op in the trash ) , that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions , which , of course , are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves . now i 'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash , while i will make sure i never order from j&r again .
